Danger in the White House
________________










Dedicated to Aidan, mom, and dad, all of whom play a very big part in this story, and to Barrack Obama, whose inauguration was its inspiration. The Internet was helpful, too, and so was my dad (and editor), and all other family members and friends who gave me fantastic support. 
Thanks everyone!
                         -RH
________________
1
WE WATCH THE ELECTION AND I GET STALKED
S
houts and the sound of stamping feet ring throughout the street.
“Campaigners again,” mom sighs. She sounds almost as tired as she probably is. “They march past here on a regular basis these days.” 
I’m dying to say, you think? But I keep my mouth shut. 
Mom has been looking extremely pressed lately, and she has circles under her eyes. She is short tempered, and her nerves are stretched to a breaking point. I can understand that it’s hard to take care of three children single-handed. However, it’s probably even harder when one is three, one is nine and very rambunctious, and one is thirteen and, ever since Dad has been running for president, the winner of the Quietest Girl in the World Contest. And she’s also trying to put on a brave face for the paparazzi, my enemy of late. You won’t believe how annoying they can be.
Suddenly we hear yells from outside, and the sound of boots loudly dashing away. I get up from the couch and dash to the window to see what is going on. The guards are off chasing the campaigners.
 The campaigners are scattering like the seeds off a dandelion, blown away by a wish.
I go back to the couch and begin to munch on potato chips. I always try to put on a cool face around pretty much everyone. It is easy for them because they don’t have to worry about me and I don’t have to worry about them worrying. I’ve found that if people worry too much about me, everyone finds out and then I get shaken up like a hamster in a ball that a two year old has gotten a hold of.
I am tall for my age, and my straight blond hair reaches down to the middle of my back.. I have hazel eyes, and a very small sprinkling of freckles. I am 5 foot 5, and I like to read, play the piano and guitar and sing (when no one’s watching). But right now, the most important thing about me, according to most people is that I am the oldest daughter of the democratic presidential candidate. 
“Careful not to spill crumbs on the couch, Stephanie,” sighs mom, mastering her emotions quickly and taking up her motherly duties. 
I finish the potato chips, toss the empty bag over my shoulder, into the garbage, open the door, and step out into the fresh November air. “I’m going outside!” I call to my mom.
It is early November, voting time. I keep trying to forget, but since no one else is, it’s not that easy.
Dry brown leaves rattle past in the wind. I see rows of large houses with light coming from the windows, and happy families inside laughing, eating dinner, doing homework, or playing board games.
I look back at my own house. It is three stories tall, and painted a cheery yellow, with white trimmings. Despite this, it looks foreboding, with all the security guards standing there looking oh-so-official and pretty much preventing My brother Aidan or I from doing anything without permission. People look at it in a funny way as they walk past. 
I quickly shinny up the tree I call my look out tree. Actually, it’s the only tree in our large, spacey yard. It’s a tall cedar with low branches too, and that makes it easy to climb. It gives me a first-rate view of the neighborhood. 
When I climb my tree, I sometimes see the Campaigners that march past our house every few hours. They keep Dad’s guards busy, because Dad usually isn’t home, and anyway, you don’t make the presidential candidate chase away campaigners. 
At first, my three-year-old sister Nora, my seven-year-old brother Aidan, and I liked the idea of Dad running for president. All we thought about was being on TV, going out to fancy dinners, and how popular we were sure to become at school. But we soon found out that it didn’t work that way. 
We are on TV (And actually, I don’t know why people think that staring into bright lights and saying lines from a script is so great), but Dad is usually the featured one. Either that or the TV people make us talk about how great it is to have Dad running for president.
We do go out to fancy dinners, but not a lot and actually fancy dinners are pretty boring. Remarks are made about “what sweet children you have!” (I have NO idea what I do that makes me so sweet) but other than that, we are pretty much ignored. I know most of those remarks are just to make us feel good, but I hate being treated like a little kid. 
As for popularity, Aidan and I are certainly admired by those whose parents have voted for dad, although now that it was actually happening to me, I’m not sure how I feel about people forming fan clubs for me, and treating me like George Washington. I’m not really part of the school anymore. I’m “higher” than everyone else. And those who support Dave Johnson, the other presidential candidate, shun us.  
“We want Stone! We want Stone!”
I almost fall out of my tree. Another crowd of campaigners has shaken me out of my thoughts.  
“Get out!” the guards shout at the campaigners. 
I always feel awkward around the guards. They are big, brusque, and unsociable. All they care about is “what your father wants”. I always feel like yelling, “what about what I want?” I pretty much never get to do anything. I can’t go over to anyone’s house without a bunch of guards, I can’t get any Bs on report cards (of course that’s “below standard!”), and I can’t even have any time alone!
“Sis!” it’s Aidan. I shout down to him,
“Come on up!”
When Aidan has climbed the tree, we sit and swing our legs for a few moments.
 “Do you miss dad?” I ask.
 “Yeah, he’s hardly ever home these days.” Aidan answers. 
“It’s hard to believe the election is here already.
“Yeah, who do you hope will win?”
“Who do you think doofus?”
“Hey, just trying to be normal!”
“Well Aidan,” I put on a deep voice, “how does it feel to be normal?”
“Pretty good, actually,” He replies, “but seriously, aren’t you a little worried about life in the White House?”
“Well, yes, but America is more important than I am! Thousands of people live here!”
“So you really think dad will run the country well?”
“He said he would! Dad never lies. I’m his daughter! I should know!”
“I guess so.”
“Oh, come on. You can’t be unsure about dad!”
Aidan shrugs.
“Anyway, I’m his daughter. I just couldn’t support someone else!”
“So that’s how you really feel?”
I pause. How do I really feel? I’m surprised at how hard it is to sort out the way I really feel inside. How much of what I show everyone is real?
We don’t have any more time to talk because mom calls,
 “It’s dinner time!” 
Aidan and I hastily scramble down the tree and run into the house.  


A few nights later, the whole family except for Dad, who is at the election office, curls up in mom and dad’s huge bed in front of the television to wait for the big announcement. And, at about two o’clock in the morning, it finally comes.
We have won. 
Aidan runs around, screaming,
“We won the election! We won the election!” 
He strings big globs of nonsense in between. When he jumps on the bed, mom is too distracted to make him get off! She is dabbing at her eyes with a handkerchief, absorbing tears of joy while getting ready to go to the campaign office with Nora to meet dad.
Nora doesn’t know what all the fuss is about, but she takes advantage of the situation by jumping on the bed with Aidan. 
The conflicting questions and emotions inside me seem too big to express. I’m not sure if I want to go to the White House and kick it like a Hollywood star or continue with my “normal” life here. I wonder when we will move, where we will go to school, what we’ll eat, and most of all- what it will be like to be the president’s daughter, and it’s hard to believe that I’ll soon find out. 


The next day, I get to stay home from school to celebrate. I am glad to have no one patting me on the back or shouting for me. Publicity isn’t my favorite thing in the world the way it’s supposed to be.
Everyone is still in a daze from last night’s announcement.  Aidan and I are in a frenzy of excitement. We rush from one activity to another.
It is while we’re outside playing hide-and-seek that it happens. From my perch up in my tree, I see a man sneaking along the sidewalk, looking up at me with a pair of binoculars pressed to his eyes. He is crouched down behind the fence, so that I can see him from my place in the tree, but the guards on the ground can’t see him. As soon as I notice him, he quickly turns around, dropping the binoculars and walks casually away as if he had not been staring at me. But before that, he smiles. His smile is the kind that tells you to watch out. I climb down the tree and pick up the binoculars. They are small and black, and even I can see that they’re high quality materials. A shiver runs down my spine. 
Could that man have something to do with the fact that that my father has just been elected into the office of president of the United States of America?
I’m not sure I want to find out. 


 


________________
2
MOM AND DAD FIGHT OVER A SUIT AND WE MOVE
S
oon, however, inauguration day begins to cloud our minds, urging us to pack whenever we have a spare minute.  About a month before inauguration day, after dinner, I go to the living room for some family time. I am about to open the door but stop short when I hear mom and dad talking in low voices. 
“You should really wear this suit. It brings out the color of your eyes.” 
“No, this suit is the one to wear, it looks more sophisticated.” 
I try to hold in my giggles.
“Robert,” says my mom, exasperated. 
I hear dad sigh his I-am-very-annoyed-with-you sigh, and I can just picture him, rolling his eyes. 
“Why did I pick this job?” 
Suddenly mom’s voice is loud, and shrill, which means she is angry. 
“You know, that’s a good question. Why did you pick this job? You could have picked any other nice job, you could have been a realtor or- or a banker, but no, you wanted to be president of the United States of America and-”
Then dad starts yelling,
 “Do you realize how much I’ve worked to get this job? I’ve-” 
“Well, do you realize how much I’ve been working? Trying to manage your kids that you just left me with? And have you done anything to help? No! You had to go off and leave me in a huge mess trying to take care of three kids alone!” 
“My kids? They belong to both of us, and we each should have an equal share in taking care of them-”
“Then why didn’t you help me?”
“I wanted to, but I didn’t have a choice! I never would have been elected if I hadn’t done all that campaigning.”
I am not laughing now. I am wide eyed, listening at the door. I am almost ready to cry. Is this what the election is doing to our family? Tearing it apart until-
No. I will not think that thought. I retreat from the living room doors, feeling that I’m hearing things that aren’t meant for my ears. I don’t want to be spying on my parents’ private affairs. It makes my feel like I’m not part of the family, just a spy.
A spy. I feel like that phrase is a memo, something I have tucked away in my memory to think about later…
And suddenly everything comes back, as if those two words were magic. The spy! The man, spying on me in November- I’d meant to give more thought to the matter, but got occupied with the election. I rush to find Aidan. 
“I just remembered that man who was spying on me behind the fence last month!” 
I yell as soon as I find him. 
“What?”
“The man– the spy- the man with the binoculars spying on me in November!
“What are you talking about?” Aidan asks in bewilderment. 
“Back in November- right after the election, I was up in the tree, and I saw a man spying on me through a pair of binoculars!”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I got occupied with the election.” I answer somewhat bashfully.
 “Are you sure he was a spy?” says Aidan skeptically.
I stop to think about it. He could have just been a fan…
“Yeah, He smiled. It was creepy… like he was telling me to watch out.”
“What did he look like?” 
“I don’t know. His face was hidden by binoculars. His hair was dark, though.” 
Aidan snorts, “A lot of help that is. Half the world has dark hair!” 
“I know,” I say. Then I remember something. 
“His binoculars!” I half shout. “I picked them up after he dropped them on the sidewalk!” I am yelling with excitement now. “I’ll go get them!” I run up the staircase, back to my room and grab the binoculars before jumping over every other stair step to the bottom of the stairs. There are no fingerprints, and we haven’t got any fingerprint powder. But, as I turn them over, I notice something. It’s the brand name;
Eyewizz
“The question is,” Aidan, who has seen it, too, says, “Which stores carry that brand?” 
“Why would we want to know that?”
“To find clues, doofus!”
“And we want to do that because…?”
“So we can stop him, duh!”
“No way, we don’t need more publicity.”
“Come on, Sis! It’ll be easy!”
I put on a really high, little-girly, we’re-in-fairyland voice and reply,
“Oh, I’m so excited! We get to sneak past a bunch of guards, somehow not get caught, and then to top all of that off, go to a binocular store and find out who the spy was from a clerk who probably doesn’t know without looking suspicious at all! And then we get to come back home and tell everyone who will miraculously believe us!” I switch back to my normal voice,
“Yeah, that’ll be a piece of cake!”
“Just think about it, Sis!”
“Fine, I’ll think about it. I’ll think about what a dumb idea all of this is!”
But even with the spy to “think about”, I still can’t get the argument that mom and dad had out of my mind. What did mom mean your kids? Has something else happened between mom and dad that I don’t know about? I try to shake these thoughts from my mind, but they only entangle themselves more tightly, until they fuse with my other thoughts and feelings, creating an incomprehensible mixture, and utterly frightening me.


Next morning, I wake up to a downpour. The weather mirrors my feelings.
Aidan and I have to pack the books we haven’t already packed, leaving out a few to read. We also pack our fancy dress clothes- all but one outfit to wear to the inauguration. But we’re still not even half done. Most of our everyday clothes need to be packed and also small pieces of furniture like lamps or end tables. For the larger pieces, dad will have help. But today, the family packs every single belonging, and that takes almost all day. We stop for mealtimes and breaks, and then pull off our shoes, brush our teeth, and fall into bed still wearing our clothes at about eleven thirty at night.
 The next day is sunny, and that is also the day that the moving men come to our house to help move large furniture that we need professionals to move. They drive our furniture to Maryland in several large trucks. That day, at noon, we drive to the airport and stay in the lobby, waiting for dad’s private jet to get ready, until it leaves at twelve thirty for Washington DC, Maryland. We book a hotel for the night. I can’t sleep, so I take out Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix to read. I can’t read either, so I walk over to the hotel window, open it, and look out. The moon lightens up the sky and the space needle stands out against the night sky.
I glance down and catch my breath.
Standing in the parking lot is the spy. At least, this guy has hair about the same length and is about the same build as the original spy, but it could be someone else. It’s dark outside, but the moon and the stars and the city lights are bright enough to let me see his watch-out-for-me smile, and I can tell that it’s the same guy. I bang the window shut and run back to my bed.
I tell myself that everything’s fine. I probably imagined it. And even if the man is real, he probably won’t follow us to Washington DC.
Right?


The next day, when I see the plane, I gasp. It’s sleek and shiny. Inside are plush leather seats, with TV screens in back, and cup holders, along with a whole bunch of other cool stuff: fans, tinted windows, and each seat has its own built in CD player and set of headphones. I lip in a Taylor Swift CD and lean back, not worrying about the spy, the election, the inauguration, or anything else besides Taylor Swift’s love life.
Needless to say, we ride to Washington DC in first class style.


 I haven’t seen the White House or its lawn yet, but dad has. When the inauguration takes place the next morning, there are hundreds of reporters and thousands of people crowded into the huge White House lawn. Before we appear on stage, I put on a knee-length sleeveless dress. It’s dark blue and made out of silk and I have matching dark blue slippers with heels! After that, makeup artists go to town. I get special face creams, foundation, blush, bronzer, dark shadows in the right places, eyeliner, mascara, eye shadow, lipstick, lip liner, pretty much everything. But when I look in the mirror, it doesn’t look like too much. I hardly notice it at all.
Next the stylists do my hair. They shampoo and condition and prep and curl and spray and whatnot and when I look in the mirror, my hair is in soft curls, and a dark blue headband has been placed artfully into it so that the short part that frames my face is straight and hangs in front of the headband, but my curls are all behind it. I look years older and really pretty (not to be flattering myself).
When I meet up with Aidan and Mom and Nora, I barely recognize them. Mom looks years younger in a dress that’s exactly the same as mine, only bigger and dark green instead of dark blue. Her dark hair is up in a twist which shows off her high cheekbones and her emerald earrings. Her shoes are dark green slippers with heels which are taller than mine and she is wearing very thin dark green tights.
Aidan looks extremely uncomfortable in a suit and a dark blue tie along with very expensive looking fancy shoes. His unruly dark hair has been slicked back and is miraculously in place. I know this doesn’t sound like much, but I’ve lived with Aidan for nine years and for the whole time he’s worn ripped up jeans, taken showers every month or so, and brushed his hair whenever someone forces him to. So to see him in a suit and tie with his hair slicked back is, like, earth-shattering.
Nora looks like she should be on Toddlers and Tiaras. Her pale purple silk dress has a full skirt and reaches to her ankles, with puffed sleeves and her long dark hair is in soft curls. Her shoes are not heels, but pale purple flats. She is wearing makeup too, and has her Cute-and-I-Know-It face on. She reaches up for Mom’s hand shyly. We wait backstage. Dad shows up in a suit with his hair slicked back, pretty much in an outfit exactly like Aidan’s only his tie is black instead of dark blue. Nervous tension is in the air. Finally like twenty security guards and a guy in a pinstriped suit appear backstage and it’s finally the right time. I look around at my family. Mom and Dad are fidgeting like five year olds awaiting a dentist appointment, while Aidan does what he does when he gets nervous, excited, happy, or pretty much anything: he is rocketing around the room, being annoying and goofy in general. Even Nora fusses in Mom’s arms as if she senses the nervous tension in the air. I have been standing stock still trying to control the shaking of my hands and it takes a nudge from Aidan to jerk me back to the present. I take a deep breath and step out onto the stage. The guy in the pinstriped suit ushers us and some guards to some folding chairs a little farther back on the stage than Dads podium where he will pledge himself in. 
Dad is probably nervous to death, but all of a sudden the worry vanishes from his face like it has evaporated. He smiles with ease at the crowd, and I suddenly remember my own face and do my best to produce a shaky smile.
My mind is a blur as Dad says stuff about saving the country and the economy and bringing the troops home. Then his vice president Sam Morgan steps up to take the pledge.
Sam Morgan is just about the coolest adult in the world. He’s not always worrying about my safety, or Aidan’s or Nora’s, and he lets us do just about anything. I’m sure that if I had to go to the mall and my dad said I couldn’t, Sam would drive me there without a second thought. Plus he has a stepdaughter named Anne who is exactly my age and we have become fast friends. We used to study Morse code together when Dad and Sam had meetings, even though it’s really old.
 In fact, Anne is just now sitting down next to me. She looks more nervous than me, which is a little strange since her Dad is only becoming the vice president while mine is becoming president. But then, Anne has always been known for her ability to get nervous easily. She gives me a shaky smile- or at least that’s probably what it’s supposed to be; it turns out more like a grimace. I try to muster up some bravery, and once I have a calm face, I try giving her a reassuring smile of my own. But mine is probably about as reassuring as hers was based on the funny look she gives me.
Suddenly Sam is done pledging and Dad steps up to the podium. I can barely hear what he says, because my heart is in my throat and I feel faint. Dad keeps talking as everyone sits there staring at him.
Suddenly everyone starts cheering. Dad has finished. My Dad is President of the United States of America! No matter how many times I say it I still can’t absorb that huge, life-changing fact yet. I take in a huge gulp of air and realize that I haven’t taken a breath since Dad started pledging.


After the inauguration, we go to the inauguration meal. I’m starving, and there’s a lot of Chinese food, so I grab a ton of everything: Sesame noodle salad, Szechwan chicken, egg rolls, and shrimp with Peking sauce. Dad is at the head of the table and he says a long speech before saying Grace. Finally, we all dig in. Whoever arranged the seats has put me next to Anne and I’m glad. We whisper for the whole meal, ignoring the guards and everyone else. The food is delicious, but there’s way too much of it and after the meal is over there’s still like half of it left over.
 Afterward, everything is a jumble of handshakes and pats on the back and congratulations. I finally get away to the library, where I fall asleep on a huge leather couch.


Next thing I know, mom is shaking me awake. I’m still in the library, and mom is still shaking me and saying, 
“Wake up, Stephanie. It’s time for the inauguration ball!” I am suddenly wide-awake, and I leap out of bed. Excitement tingles up and down my spine like a feather duster, tickling me. Makeup and hair artists freshen our hairdos and faces up and we go on our way. When we arrive at the inauguration ball, silence falls. Mom shyly takes dad’s arm, and then haunting music floats across the hall, captivating the crowd as they watch mom and dad dance together. They warm up, and start to glide across the floor. I smile. It’s been a long time since mom and dad have danced like that. 
“Want to dance?” I turn around to find a dark haired boy in a suit directing his dark brown eyes at me.
“Uh, what?” I reply, of course like a total doofus.
“Do you want to dance?” He asks me again.
“Oh, uh…” I look around the room for an excuse to get away and keep from embarrassing me even further, but finding nothing, I settle for “sure.”
He takes my arm and looks at me. I realize he’s waiting for me to do something. I flush bright red, embarrassed.
“I, uh, I’ve…”
“Never danced before?” He asks.
I nod lamely.
“Don’t worry.” He takes my arm and pulls me out onto the dance floor. He puts one hand on my shoulder and the other on my hip, making me even more uncomfortable, and places my hands on his shoulders. We start a sort of half-glide-half-stumble around the ballroom, and even though I’m clumsy his light feet make up for it.
“So…” my attempts at making conversation are not very sophisticated, he saves me again, answering.
“I’m Max.”
“I’m Stephanie,” I reply.
“I know.” He says, and I blush again.
“Sooo… what brings you to the inauguration?” I quickly change the subject.
“My Dad is district Attorney for Maryland. We live here in the city. I go to St. Thomas Private Middle School.”
I ask the first random question that comes into my head,
“Are you an only child?”
“I have a little brother but he lives with my mom. She’s in the country. I see them on weekends.”
“Oh.” I feel bad for bringing up the subject, but he’s completely cool about it.
“How about your brother and sister? What’re they like?”
“Rambunctious.” I grin. “Crazy.”
He laughs and I laugh too, suddenly at ease. I’m at a ball, having a conversation with a boy, and I realize that I haven’t felt this free in a long time.


The next morning, I wake up on the couch in the living room of the White House. Movers are already here, and they’re camped out in their sleeping bags on the floor. The air is filled with the sound of furniture bumping across the floor and people talking, yelling, or shouting. Aidan is running around screaming and getting in the way of everything and Nora is screaming at the top of her lungs. When mom sees that I’m awake, she comes over to me and introduces me to my personal guard, Ella. I’m not too thrilled about having a personal guard, since that does seem kind of intrusive. 
Mom says I can do whatever I want today.
First I explore the White House. The size of this place is enough to knock the breath out of me. I’m hoping to find secret passages, but I’m out of luck there. Still, I’m not that disappointed since the White House is so big that I get lost at least five times before I find Aidan in the library, lying on a leather couch. He looks up and says, 
“Hi, sis.”
“Isn’t this place huge?” 
“Yeah, I would have gotten lost by now if I didn’t have a map.”
“I’ve got one too, but I’m still getting lost!” I laugh, holding mine up. 
Aidan stands up, putting on a deep voice and announcing,
“Then allow me the pleasure of being your tour guide.”
We stand up and head out of the library to explore together.
We decide to find the ballroom that we were in last night and after a lot of huddling over the map, we decide the best thing to do is go straight ahead until we find a certain spiral staircase. We keep going until Aidan stops,
“I think we probably passed it, Sis.”
I’m about to agree when I look up at a window and scream.
On the sill is a dark haired man.
The spy has followed us to Washington DC.


I run down the hallway, trying to get away from that face at the window, his smile.
“Sis, wait up!” Aidan calls but I don’t slow down. I turn a corner and keep running, but slip on the floor tiles and come crashing to the floor. Aidan rounds the corner and doesn’t see me until it’s too late. He trips over my outstretched leg and we both end up in a tangled mess of arms and legs.
“Was that the spy??” he asks me, and I reply,
“Yeah, I didn’t think he’d follow us to Washington DC but…”
“Sis, we have to tell someone.”
“What, are you crazy?  If the guards find out, you can kiss Life as We Know It goodbye!”
“Sis, would you rather be dead or kidnapped or something?”
“You sound like one of the Guards.”
“I don’t care what you say. I’m telling whether you like it or not.”
I decide I’ll have to back him up. I know I can’t stop him, and maybe if I just go along with it, the whole thing will blow over pretty quickly.
We go find mom, who is pushing a coffee table to the middle of the room. 
“Mom, we have something to tell you.” Aidan tells her.
“What?” She looks up and her eyes give us the once-over, searching our faces.
We tell her the whole story, starting in November. When we’re finished, he face hasn’t changed at all. Casually, she answers,
“I’ll tell the guards.” She calls over some guy in a uniform and tells him all about how someone had breached security, blah blah blah…
So anyway, what happens is that security is doubled. The grounds are searched. No one is found.
Everyone is completely cool about it! Back in Bellingham, everyone would have freaked out. But here, everyone just does what they’re supposed to, no frenzy of excitement or anything. It’s a relief that my life hasn’t been turned upside down, but it’s also a little weird. Like maybe they’re actually trying to keep things quiet for once.  Or maybe they don’t believe me. Anyway, I call Anne and tell her everything.
“That’s creepy,” she says, “I mean, it’s just your first day in the White House and you’ve already got a stalker.”
“Tell me about it.” I roll my eyes, “I thought everyone was going to get worked up, too.”
“Aren’t you glad they didn’t?”
“Yeah.”
Anne is one of the few people who can understand a lot of the stuff I don’t like about being the president’s daughter, and  it’s a relief because I have someone to talk to when I’m lonely.
“So what are you doing tomorrow afternoon?” Anne wants to know.
“Moving in more. Bo-ring.”
“Can I come over?”
“Probably. I‘ll ask Mom.”
“OK then. See you tomorrow- I hope.”
“Bye!” I answer, and hang up, feeling substantially more together.
________________
3
WE START SCHOOL
T
hat night, after Nora has gone to bed, mom, dad, Aidan and I meet in the living room for what mom tells us is a “family meeting.” Aidan and I sit down on rocking chairs (which was how Mom settled the fights about who got the big armchair) to face mom and dad, who are seated side by side on the sofa. Dad speaks first.
“Aidan, we have decided to send you to a private school called Einstein Private Elementary School. Stephanie, you will attend St. Thomas Private Middle School.”
The same school as Max! I don’t say anything about Max to my family, though.
“Do we have to wear uniforms?” Aidan whines.
“Yes you do.” My parents both sound so much more formal than they used to. It’s a little weird.
“What do we have to wear?” Aidan’s whine is even louder now.
“Don’t worry. The uniforms aren’t that bad.”
I have no idea what “not that bad” means for Mom and Dad, but I know I’ll probably be in a skirt. However, I don’t really worry about school uniforms much. I’m thinking more about who else is going there.
“What about Anne?” I ask my parents because Anne has pretty much been my only good friend since the election, and I really hope she’ll go to the same school as me.
“Anne is also going to St. Thomas.”
Yes! I think, but all I say is, 
 “When will we see our rooms?”
 “How about right now?” mom answers, and we all walk down the hall. Our rooms are on the top floor of the family quarters, all in the same hall. My room is pretty big, with three huge windows, complete with window seats. The floor has a thick purple carpet and the walls are white. It looks pretty cool.
“Time for bed!” Mom calls down the hall. I run down the hall and stop at the spiral staircase. The banister is wide, and I’m just itching to get on and…
“Stephanie, come on!”
My Mom is calling.
I guess the banister will have to wait.


On the first day of school I feel jittery. When I wake up, I put on my school uniform. My uniform consists on a short-sleeved white button-down blouse, which I wear over a black camisole, with three buttons undone so that the lacy top is visible.
I tuck my blouse into a pleated skirt with a plaid pattern in the school colors: gold and dark blue. After that I pull on white knee socks and some black shoes that look like they belonged to a six year old in the thirties. I pull on a silver bracelet and put a black headband in my hair. I look in the mirror and it’s not that bad, except for the shoes. I come out of my room and take the stair two at a time, jumping clear of the last three steps and running into the foyer, breathless.
When I see Aidan, I bust a lung to keep from laughing. 
Aidan is wearing dark brown slacks along with a white blouse similar to mine. Over that, he has a dark brown vest. His shoes are loafers, also dark brown, and to top it all off, he’s wearing a black tie. He looks furious, and pulls his hoddie on to cover his vest and the hair that Mom has parted crisply. That makes me remember my own jacket. I run back inside and up to my room and grab the brand new bright pink Aeropostale jacket. When I arrive once more in the foyer, Ella is there.
“What are you doing here?” I ask her.
“I’m going to school with you.”
I haven’t really thought about this. I’m not very happy to learn that Ella is accompanying me to school, but before I figure out what to say next, a limo pulls up to take me to school. I open the door to the passenger side, but there’s a guy with sunglasses sitting there. He jerks his head towards the backseat, so Ella and I climb in. I wait for Aidan to get in too, but a guard closes the door behind me.
“What about Aidan?” I ask Ella.
“He’ll get to school in another car.”


Ella and I get dropped off at the majestic front doors of the school. We walk inside, and are met by four teachers who introduce themselves as Mr. Warden (the principal), Mrs. Langley (the vice principal), Mr. Smith (the secretary), and Ms. Banawig, my homeroom teacher. They show me where my locker is, introduce me to my teachers, and pretty much give me a tour. I mostly nod and smile.
When the bell rings at 8:30, everyone is seated in my homeroom classroom. Anne is in my homeroom, which means we’ll probably have a lot of the same classes. In fact, we have the exact same schedule, except when she takes art right after lunch, and I learn piano in World Music.
In our first two classes, we’re seated near to each other. I think the teachers probably put us near to each other on purpose, so we would feel “comfortable in a new environment”.
Of course, I’m sure this seating arrangement wasn’t designed to help us whisper during class, which we don’t do- most of the time.
When the lunch bell rings, me and Anne race out of our Social Studies class, closely followed by Ella. We find a table to sit at, and Ella comes over and looks like she’s about to sit down next to me but changes her mind, finding a seat at the far end of the table. 
A group of girls approach our table almost as soon as we’ve sat down. The one that seems to be the leader comes forward. She has long, smooth, thick black hair and olive skin and she would be pretty if it weren’t for the look on her face. It seems to say, I’m way better than you, but as soon as her eyes turn my way, she smiles.
“Can I sit here?” she asks.
“Sure,” I answer, even though I really prefer to have the table to myself, with just me and Anne. But I guess I should include other people too. Anyway, she sounds nice.
There are three other girls with her, and they sit beside Anne on the other side of the table while the leader sits right next to me. 
“My name is Linda, Linda Morgan, and this is Kim Bradley, Genevieve Ludan, and Amanda Bok.”
“This is Anne.” I tell her, and she smiles and says
“Hi.” To Anne, and then turns back to me.
“Sooooo… how’s life at the White House?”
This seems like a pretty direct question, and I’m startled, but I recover pretty quickly.
“It’s okay. There’s a ton of guards, and I need a map to get around.”
She laughs.
“It’s so big, I know. I never really thought about the finding your way around part, though.”
“Yeah, it’s totally confusing. It sure will be hard to adjust. I’m just having a hard time taking everything in!”
“Can I sit here?”
Suddenly a new voice enters the conversation. A girl with straight nut brown hair trimmed so that it reaches to her chin and sky-blue eyes is standing next to our table. She is skinny, but looks strong, like she works out a lot.
“Sure.” I tell her. I expect her to sit by Linda or Kim, but she walks all the way down to the far end of the table and plops down across from Ella.
I turn to Linda to ask her about it and find that her face has totally changed. The ‘I’m way better than you’ look is back, and she’s directing it at the girl who just sat down. Then, Linda stands up and walks away. The other girls follow her.
________________
4
ME AND ANNE MEET JO
“W
hat’s up with her?” I look at Anne, bewildered. Anne shrugs. I motion to the new girl and pat the seat next to me. She stands up and walks over to sit down. I jump right in,
“Hi. What’s your name?”
“I’m Josephine, but you can call me Jo.”
“I’m Stephanie,” I tell her even though I know she knows already, “and this is Anne. How come Linda left?”
“Linda doesn’t really like me.”
“Why not? Did you guys get in a fight or something?”
“Linda doesn’t like anyone who isn’t rich or popular. Everyone’s kind of afraid of her.”
“What’s your name?” I ask.
“Josephine, but you can call me Jo.
Anne, Jo, and I talk for the rest of lunch. I find out that Jo has three older brothers and both of her parents are lawyers. I also find out that she does track and softball.
“I want to try out for the swim team, but my mom says that two sports are enough. Do you guys play sports?”
“Nope,” I answer, “Sometimes I swim for fun, but I’m not that athletic.”
Anne shakes her head.
“So what do you like to do?” Jo asks.
“I’m in a book club and I crochet.” Anne timidly puts forth. Jo doesn’t seem like she’d like either of those things, but she doesn’t say so.
“I play the piano and the guitar. And sing and I’m in Anne’s book club.”
“Cool. I always wanted to play an instrument, but I tried and I’m not very musical. Or maybe I just didn’t want to practice every night.”
“I don’t practice every night, just when no one’s around.”
“How come?”
“I’d probably get a lot of attention, and I don’t like to be an article in every newspaper.”
The bell rings, signaling the end of lunch.
“Let’s go. We don’t want to be late. What class do you have next, Jo?” asks Anne.
“Math.”
“Hey, so do we!” I tell her, and we all walk to Math class.
During Math, I catch my first glimpse of Max. He’s sitting two rows away from me, playing with his pencil while the teacher drones about negative numbers. His hair looks better when it’s not slicked back. It’s sort of shaggy, not close-cut like most of the other boys’ hair. I spend the first ten minutes of class watching him before barks,
“Pay attention, Stephanie!” at me.
I blush, and keep my eyes firmly on the teacher for the rest of class.


The next day, at school, I feel a little more at ease since I made a new friend. Linda Morgan and her group seem harmless in the sunlight which streams from the sky, but I know one thing about them: they don’t like me anymore. 
At lunch, Anne, Jo and I make straight for our table and Ella sits far off.  I have a feeling this will become a routine.
“How come Ella has to come to school with you?” Jo wants to know.
“In case anything bad happens.” I roll my eyes.
“Has anything actually happened?”
I nod. 
“What?”
Anne and I tell her about the spy, interjecting into each other’s conversation.
When we’re finished, Jo’s eyes are round.
“He followed you across the country?”
“Yep.”
“And no one made a fuss, after all this extra security?”
“I’m not sure they believed us. I mean, there was no other proof.”
“That’s so not fair!”
“Tell me about it.”
“They are so worried about anything happening and then when something does happen no one even cares!”
“They just won’t listen to two kids. And they did take some precautions.”
“Just in case you might happen to be telling the truth.”
“Exactly.”
“At least no one made a fuss about it.” Anne interjects.
The bell rings.
As we walk back to class. I ask Jo and Anne, 
“Hey, want to come to my house tomorrow? It’s Friday, so maybe you can sleep over.”
“Sure.” Anne says.
I look at Jo.
“Seriously? A sleepover in the White House? You’re kidding, right?”
“Nope, they’re not that strict.”
“Okay then, awesome!”
 “Okay, we’ll call our moms after school. My mom is cleaning the house tomorrow, so she’ll probably be glad to have me out of the way. 


When we call our moms, they both say yes, but Jo can’t ride home with me tomorrow because she has to go through a machine that x-rays her before she can be near me outside of school, so that the guards can be sure that she’s not up to anything. We don’t even try to convince them otherwise.
“They’ll just say, ‘Sorry, it is standard procedure.’” I tell her, and she rolls her eyes.
I like being around Jo. When it was just me and Anne, we seemed to just be our own silent pair, doing everything everyone tells us to without complaint, but Jo seems to add strength, and both of us get braver and more outspoken when we’re around her. At least, I think we both feel braver.


On Friday, Anne brings her stuff to school since she can come home with me. After all, she’s Sam’s daughter. When school ends, Anne and I wait for our limo on the school steps with Ella. When it arrives, we get up and run towards it.
The Limo’s arrival is one of my least favorite parts of the day. Everyone watches me get in and I always hate being watched but don’t have the courage to tell them to buzz off. I’ve gotten used to having Jo around to stick up for me, but since Jo can never come home with me, I just try to make this moment as short as possible.
When we arrive home, we have a quick snack and then head up to my room.
We wait around for Jo, talking and just generally hanging out.
 Suddenly we hear “Grenade” by Bruno Mars blaring. I answer my phone and hear Ella’s voice.
“Hello? This is Ella. Is this Stephanie?”
“Yeah,” I say. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing’s wrong.  Your friend is here.”
“I’ll be right down. Bye.” I hang up, grab my map from the bedside table, and Anne and I jump down the marble steps two at a time. At the bottom, we run into Mom. 
“Where are you going in such a hurry?” she asks me. 
“To meet Jo,” Anne answers, and we run off.
“Stephanie, wait!” I stop and turn around to find Anne laughing. “What door is Jo at?”
She’s right. Jo could have come in the main front door, or a different front door, or any one of the side doors, or a backdoor. I grab at the pocket of my jeans, pull out my cell phone, and dial Ella’s number. When she picks up, I immediately speak into the receiver.
“Ella, this is Stephanie, where are you waiting for me?”
“By the main front door.”
“K bye.” I put away the cell phone and we charge off toward the main front door.


When I reach the main front door, I see Jo looking up at the two guards barring her way. One of them says,
“Here’s your friend,” and then to me, “this girl is your friend, correct?”
“Yes, she’s a friend of mine who is supposed to come over today.” 
“Alright. Continue on through the x-ray machine.” the other says to Jo.
“Sure, If you say so.” she answers, and I detect a hint of irritation in her voice. Irritation or no, Jo walks through a series of machines while the soldiers monitor all the computers. When she’s done the guard at the screens reports, 
“All tests positive.” Then Jo and Anne and I walk towards my room. In my room, we sit facing the window. Now that Jo and Anne are actually here, we’re not really sure what to do. Suddenly I have an idea. I tell Jo and Anne, and we quickly sneak out of my room and toward the stairs.


“I’ll go first!” Jo trumpets, and runs toward the wide banister. She straddles it, leaning forward and holding on to both sides of the rail so she won’t fall. We count to three and give her a push and watch her sail to the bottom and jump off, landing on the pile of pillows we’ve heaped there. She’s laughing.
“That was great!”
“I’m next!” I yell, and I clamber up onto the banister and slide down at the speed of light, jump off, and land on the pillows.
Anne is the last one to try, and she’s slightly less eager than Jo or I, but once she’s tried the staircase, she’s all for it. We do this for about an hour until a guard comes along and scolds us. Then we have to wait until he leaves until we start again.


Outside, on the north lawn, Anne and Jo and I play hide and seek in the trees, and after a while Aidan comes out to join us. Soon, the shadows begin to lengthen, and late afternoon becomes evening. 
We put down our sleeping bags and make our beds for the night on the floor of my room.
However, we don’t sleep in them yet. Anne and I paint each other’s nails, and then we all write Mad Libs. At around midnight, we hear a knock and of all the people, Ella is outside the door with cookies.
“Ella is actually pretty cool if you ask me.” Anne observes awhile later.
“Yeah, she is. I don’t mind Ella in particular; I’m just not too thrilled that I have to actually have a personal guard.”
“I know what you mean,” Jo interjects, “I know I wouldn’t like it. I just don’t get why you don’t protest, or something.”
“I don’t protest because I know it won’t work.”
“Yeah, they’ll just say it’s for her safety.” Anne explains.
“It’s like having a million parents!”
“That’s not fair. I mean, the spy didn’t even get inside the White House!”
“I know. But in my one million parents’ eyes, they could have.”
In the morning, Jo and Anne have breakfast with us and then ride back home in a limousine.
It is Saturday, and Aidan and I play on the north lawn for a while. Just as I’m watching Aidan look for me from a perch high in a tree, I see the spy. He’s not looking at me this time, but he’s mowing the lawn. Why would the spy be mowing the lawn?
Suddenly, it dawns on me.
I think the spy works in the White House!
________________
5
WE DISCOVER A PASSAGEWAY AND A CRIME
I
get up to find Aidan, and hope he’s not hiding somewhere to scare me. He loves to scare people, especially me and my friends. I walk to my room, peering in all the most likely places- under behind the curtains, behind the door, and in a sleeping bag, but he is nowhere to be found.
“RAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!” 
At that moment Aidan jumps out from the closet, screaming at me. I scream in return.
“Scared you, didn’t I, sis?” I sigh and nod. “Hey guess what?”
“First you guess.”
“No, you.”
“I won’t guess until you do.”
“Fine. Giant oranges invaded the foyer and are on their way upstairs to take us as hostages.”
“No. the spy works at the White House!”
“What?”
I tell him the whole story of my sight of the spy, and when I’m finished, he’s bug-eyed.
“We have to tell someone!”
“Like anyone’s going to believe us! Remember last time?”
Aidan sighs.
“So what was your surprise?” I ask.
 “I found a secret passage in the living room with… I don’t know, a piece of paper!”
 I sigh inwardly. I had been expecting something bigger. The passage is probably a cubby if Aidan hasn’t made it up. What I don’t know is what is really in store for me. 
Aidan leads me to our main living room. He shows me to a picture of George Washington. The picture is huge; about two feet by three. 
“I was going to move this picture to the dining room and play- well, let’s just say it had to do with a practical joke I was going to try on the guards.” Aidan has always been obsessed with practical jokes. He continues, “But when I moved it, I bumped a funny panel on the wall- and it sounded hollow! Also, I noticed a numeric key pad by the door! Just then, paper fell out from an envelope on the back, and- look!” Aidan points excitedly to a pattern of dots and dashes on the back of the map. 
“You know what this looks like? Morse code!”
“You’re right! I’ll go get my sheet!” I dash to my room, and pull out my practice Morse code sheet which I used when Anne and I were into morse code, ripping it slightly in my haste. Then, I rush downstairs to the secret passage. 
“I’ve got it!”
“Good!” holding up the sheet, I slowly decode the message.
“7…9…5…2…space…3…8…6…0.”
“That must be the code!”
 “Yeah, I’ll type it in.” I type in the code, pressing the space key after the 2 and wait. 
Not Responding. 
A digital, robotic-sounding voice comes out of the speaker.
 Not responding? 
“That’s just great-” 
“Shhh! Look! There’s more!” I cut off my little brother as the robotic voice begins again.
You must press enter after you type in any code.
I quickly press enter.
Code accepted.
  The door swings open at the same moment that we hear footsteps, coming down the hall. 
“Oh, no! Close it, quick!” I push the door shut, just as my mother steps into the room.”
“Aidan I thought I told you to move that picture.” Aidan opens his mouth, but I cut him in; 
“I’m helping Aidan with the picture. In fact, we were just going to go and find you! I, um, I… I wanted to say that the picture shouldn’t be moved! I think it looks good in the living room. Plus, people will see it more.” She considers me for a moment, then says,
“Well, your father said that it would look better in the dining room, but I don’t really care, because it looks good in both places.” She leaves the room. 
“Whew!” says Aidan. “That was close!”
“Yeah,”
We open the passageway again and look into it.
“Why d’you think someone left the code taped to the secret passage?”
“Dunno. Maybe they left it because they thought they were the only ones using Morse code.
“Let’s not use it yet. I want to tell Anne and Jo.”


On Monday, Anne, Jo and I discuss the passage at lunch. Linda keeps following us around, giving us her Snob Stare, as we call her ‘I’m so much better than you’ look. We ignore Linda and I tell Jo and Anne everything.
“So you think the spy works at the White House?” Jo gazes at me, dumbfounded.
“Why else would he be mowing our lawn?”
 “I guess there’s no other reason.” Anne answers.
“And guess what?” I interrupt.
“Your cat peed all over Ella’s guard dog and you’re grounded.” Jo guesses.
“Aidan found a secret passage.”
“No way!” Anne and Jo gasp in unison.
“Yes way.” And I tell them all about it.
“Whoa. That’s so cool!” Anne responds.
“I know, right?”


When I get home from school, Mom calls,
“Oh, I’m glad you’re here, Stephanie! I need you to help me look for Nora; I can’t find her. She keeps getting out of her crib!” from the living room.
We look everywhere for Nora and we can’t find her. Soon, Aidan joins me and Mom and Ella and Aidan’s guard Rodger. Aidan and I look upstairs while the adults check downstairs.
The hallway that holds the family bedrooms is really a small foyer. It’s a wide marble floor with a balcony and a spiral staircase leading down to the actual foyer. However, the staircase that we usually take is a smaller one that goes through the foyer but leads into the living room. Anyway, this time we take the spiral staircase form the foyer, but once we’re in the mini-foyer that holds the family bedrooms, we run into someone. 
And that person just happens to be the spy. He’s mopping the floor, and he acts like we’re not even here.
But as he picks up his mop and heads down the stairs, a note slips out of his hand. I pick it up and read:
If he does not drop out of office, you will never see your sister again.
“Oh my gosh!”
I drop the note like it is red hot and Aidan grabs it and reads it too.
“Oh my gosh!” he exclaims.
We look at each other and as if some secret message has passed between us, we rush down the stairs to find Mom.
________________
6
THE LOST IS FOUND
I
dial Jo’s number. Jo picks up on the second ring.
        “Hey, Jo, It’s Stephanie. Listen, Nora’s been kidnapped.”
        “What!?”
“The spy was mopping the floor, and he gave us a note, and it said that Nora was kidnapped and we’d only get her back if Dad dropped out of office, so I told the guards and now they’re looking for her and me and Aidan are stuck in my room.”
“Let me guess: for your own safety?”
“Yep.”
“So they believed you this time.”
“Pretty much.”
“Okay. I’ll be right over. Bye!”
“What? Jo, you can’t-”
But she’s hung up on me.
Half an hour later, I stare out the window. Winter is gone now and spring is rolling in. Butterflies flit in amongst the trees, and bees buzz busily around flowers. I can see Emma chasing after a fly.
“Sis, how is Jo getting into the White House?” Aidan asks.
“I have no idea! She probably won’t be able to!” I snap at him.
Knock knock.
“Who is it?”
“Jo!”
“Jo?”
I go over to the door and open it. No one’s there except for Ella.
“Okay?” she asks me.
“Yeah, I just thought I heard a knock. It must have been something else.
“That’s funny. We could investigate…”
“No, I think I imagined it.”
I close the door to my room and whisper,
“Jo, where are you?”
“I’m in the ceiling.”
A secret passage! Of course!
I follow her voice and when I get near, my fingers run over a crack in the wood. I pull at it and it swings open.
“Jo!” Jo’s dusty face appears in the opening.
“Get me a chair!” Jo tells me. We grab a chair and she climbs down onto it.
“Jo, how did you get here?”
“Well, I walked to the White House, but the guards wouldn’t let me through. So I walked away and sat down on a rock and tried to figure out a way to get in. And then this guard comes along and I got up and hid in the bushes because I didn’t want to get chased away again. I was also kind of surprised to see a guard this far away from the White House and I wanted to spy on him.”
“What happened?” Aidan asks her.
“Well, the guard looks around to make sure no one’s watching and then he lifts a patch of grass up and exposes an electronic keypad. Then he does something with a wrench and the rock I was sitting on lifts right up! He goes under the rock and closes it behind him. So I go up to the rock and I type in the code you told me on the keypad and the rock lifts up again. So I get into the passageway and go along it for a little, and then I hear some voices and it’s you and Aidan. So I knock and you know the rest.”
Aidan gets onto Jo’s back and clambers into the tunnel. Jo bends down and I get up on her back and, with the help of Aidan, pull myself up. Once Jo has clambered up herself (she knocks down a chair in the process), I begin to pull the panel closed. 
“Wait!” yells Aidan.
“What?”
“We might not be able to get out!” I point to the doorknob on the inside of the passage and he nods. Suddenly, we hear footsteps and voices;
“-Should have known something was wrong when I heard that crash. Then there was the yelling. I put two and two together and-” I pull the door shut and we hear no more.
“That was Rodger,” I say. “Let’s go.”
“Wait, who’s Rodger?” Jo asks.
“Rodger’s my guard. He’s okay, but awfully worried about safety.”
We crawl along the passage in single file. The walls are wooden, and small lamps are on the inside. The lights are dim, but shed enough light to see by. We crawl like this for a long time; almost half and hour by light illuminating my watch. I stop so abruptly that Aidan almost bumps into me. 
“What is it?” he hisses in my ear.
I mouth the words “the spy” at him.
We draw back around the corner and I peek out and watch the spy. He opens a door at the end of the passage and crawls into a hidden room. He closes the door behind him and we see the knob turn and hear the faint click of a lock. I am about to crawl forward when I hear it. The sound jolts me like an electric shock: the faint sound of wailing which is shockingly familiar. I’ve heard it every time that Nora is upset. A door bangs shut on the other side of the wall and there is another sound like a lock. There is silence. We wait for what seems like forever for the spy to get far enough down the passageway, and when I’m sure it’s safe, I crawl as fast as I can toward the door that I’m now sure is the only thing separating me and my sister. When I get there, I push against the door, but I can’t break it. The wood is flimsy and has probably been built by the spy, not included when the original passage was built. But it’s still not flimsy enough for me to break.
“Stephanie!” Jo is calling to me from around the corner, but I ignore her, desperately pushing at the wall and trying to find a weakness in the wood.
“Stephanie!”
I turn and look at Jo.
“That man was the guard I saw who opened the passage!”
“What?”
“The spy opened up the passage!”
“But that would mean…”
“The spy is a guard! He might just be in training or a maintenance guard, but he’s a guard!”
“So while it might have looked like he was fixing something in the passage…”
“He was actually breaking in!”
I am stunned in my newfound knowledge, but another wail from behind the door brings me back to the present.
“Jo, we have to get her out of there!”
“How flimsy is the wood!”
“It’s pretty flimsy, but I can’t break it.
Jo crawls over to the door and pounds on the door. The wood seems to bend a little, but she can’t get it to break. We try together, and still can’t break it, however close we come.
“Aidan!” I call, and he crawls over. All three of us heave at the wood, giving all of our strength. I shove my full body weight at the wood.
Crack!
A board splinters. We push it and it gives way, revealing a room behind it.
The room is about three feet long and four feet wide, made out of splintery wood. And in the middle of it-
 “Sissy! Adan!” Nora runs toward us. 
“Nora!”
“Man gabbed me fum my kib when mommy go me wata. Knocked a da gads out.” Nora tells us, her brow furrowed as she concentrates on pronouncing the words.
“We know, don’t worry.” We murmur soothing words at Nora before we turn around and go back in single file with Nora between Aidan and Jo. When we reach my room, we hear two guards talking; 
“-Dang it! I can’t explain how they got out!”
“Well, one thing’s for sure; they’re not here! Mrs. Stone isn’t going to like this!” I make a shushing noise and we move on down the passageway. The guards’ voices slowly die away, leaving us in total darkness. 
“Stop,” Aidan suddenly but excitedly whispers. “I think I have- yes!” and produces the map from his pocket. “Right now we’re just behind my bedroom.” We move on, Aidan drawing the passageway as we move along it and tracking our distance at the same time. Because of this, we have to go considerably more slowly. After what seems like a long time, the passageway slopes steeply downward, until Aidan whispers, 
“We’re under the floor, now!” we nod, and move on. The passage widens, until there is room for us to stand up. I glance at the map and see that we’re almost at my parents’ room.
Soon we hear distant voices up ahead, and they grow louder as we approach.
“-Don’t know how we’re going to find her!” my mother’s voice sobs.
“I know, Skye,” it is my father’s voice this time, “but we’ve got to be strong.” 
“And now Stephanie and Aidan are gone, too. Even the guards are at a loss to find them.” My hands run over a panel in the passageway. It must be an entrance to the room my parents are in! 
“Guys,” I whisper, pointing to the panel; “I think now would be a good time for our dramatic entrance.” and I push the door- nothing happens. I push again. Still nothing. 
“Try pulling.” Jo suggests. I pull on the handle of the panel and the door swings open inwardly. Mom and dad suddenly stop short in their conversation. Mom runs toward us and embraces us- even Jo- then steps back and looks at us with tears in her eyes, which fall upon Nora, squirming in Jo’s arms to be put down. 
“You- you- found her!” she hugs Nora. 
________________
7
WE DISCOVER ANOTHER EVIL PLOT
T
he next day, I wake up to find the paparazzi crowded outside the fence, taking pictures and trying to rope us into interviews. We end up staying inside until church, when the guards actually bring out guns (without shooting people, just to scare away the reporters, as Dad instructed them) and all of the nosy people scatter for long enough for us to get into a limo and drive away. However, when we get back, they’ve crowded around the fence again and are waiting for us. After a day of this, Dad sighs and walks outside to get interviewed, hoping to finally get the paparazzi to leave. On the contrary, they demand interviews with me and Aidan. And on Monday, I find out they’ve been harassing Jo as well. She’s answered about a million questions and the paparazzi still haven’t left. We want to tell Anne and laugh about it with her like we always do, but we can’t find Anne. And when I try to pass Anne a note during class telling her about the news, she just acts like she doesn’t notice my hand. Anne’s been acting strange lately.
When Dad hears that Jo is being harassed, he finally decides to put an end to it once and for all. He calls every company who has been harassing us and threatens to sue them if they don’t leave Jo and our family alone.
After that, there are hardly any reporters outside our gate.
One day, while Aidan, Jo, and I are playing in a tree on the east lawn, we spot a man, whispering to Sam. This alone isn’t unusually, since Sam knows about a million White House people that we don’t. However they are crouched in the hollow of a large birch tree, and that is unusual. They don’t seem to notice us, which is not surprising, since we, like them, are invisible to almost anyone who might be on the east lawn. We can just barely hear them. 
“-Alright, alright. I’ll do it. But if I get caught and sent to jail, you’re goanna have to bail me out!”
Aidan, Jo, and I look at each other in bafflement. Why was Sam talking to a criminal?
“So here’s the plan, Luis,” Sam says; “you go in there, and you pour that concoction I made into his wine. The cure may or may not help him, but it will at least soften the disease.” I stare at Aidan and Jo in horror. The same thought is going through our minds. But I still just can’t believe it. 
“What if I get caught?” Luis whines.
“If you get caught, you’ll have me to deal with!” Sam puffs up, “I’ll poison that president if it’s the last thing I do!” my breath catches in my throat. Fear causes me to back along the tree branch. Aidan and I hide next to the trunk of the tree, but Jo stays where she is. It is Aidan who says it,
“Sam is poisoning dad.” And the realization hits us like a thunderbolt. I fall suddenly from the tree, too shocked to hold my balance. Halfway down, I grab the tire swing hanging from it. My hands slide down the thick rope, leaving raw red marks on them. I wince, and let go of the swing! I spin around and around, making myself dizzy and sick. I grab the rope with my feet, and my head bumps on the ground, worsening my situation. 
“Stephanie!” Jo yells from above; “I’m coming down!” there is a sickening thud and a spasm of pain shooting up my legs as Jo lands on me. 
They fly apart, and I sail across the north lawn. Aidan falls through the tire swing just as Jo jumps off- all of him but his arms and legs, anyway- and he struggles to pull himself out. Bam. I land in the grass; my long legs sprawled around. Sam looks up. He bounds across the north lawn at the speed of light, his comrade close behind him. I stand up. Every inch of my body aches. Sam makes a grab for me, but I dodge it, and start running as I’ve never run before, fear driving me on, my heart pounding faster than a villain’s car, speeding away from the crime scene. Jo, scared, for once, races after me.
“Luis,” Sam says; “you hold off the boy; I’ll get the girls!” 
Too much is coming at me at once- the boy? The girls? Sam is out to poison dad? He’s supposed to be on our side! He always seemed so cool…
 I just keep running as if my life depends on it- and it probably does. I have to summon the guards. But how? Duh. My credit card. I reach into my pocket for it, and feel metal. Cell phone. I reach into my other pocket. Denim. My credit card is gone! I look back. The credit card is on the ground, fifty feet away! I start back for it, but my eyes zip to Sam. He’s getting closer. And so, like Cinderella leaving her glass slipper in the ballroom, I flee from Sam. But unlike Cinderella’s slipper, Sam’s getting my credit card won’t get me a prince, only mortal peril.
I need a distraction, something loud to get the guards and distract Sam. I open my mouth and scream, as I’ve never screamed before. And I don’t stop. I keep screaming, and Jo catches on and joins me. When I run out of breath, I take a deep gulp of it and keep screaming again. Sam howls and covers his ears.
Guards stream across the East lawn. Sam immediately strolls across the lawn as if he has nothing to do with the guards. The guards spot Luis and start chasing him. He trips over himself and falls. As soon as the guards are occupied, Sam runs across the East lawn. Is he actually scared?
But then I see the bottle in his hands. 
I charge after him. Jo follows. Aidan uncertainly brings up the rear.
We get to the White house in about ten seconds, despite the hugeness of the east lawn. We reach the kitchen just in time to see Sam, holding a bottle that is tipped over dad’s bottle of wine. A drop is just at the brim, ready to spill into the drink! The events that follow seem to happen in slow motion. Aidan and Jo lunge at Sam. The drop spills into the wine. Sam knocks Aidan backward. Jo sinks her teeth into Sam’s arm. He howls in pain and swings his arm, throwing a limp Jo to the ground. Through it all I am inactive, doing nothing and saying nothing. I am too horror struck, and a tiny part of me still won’t believe that this isn’t just a dream.
A concoction of anger suddenly boils up inside me, a bubbling mass of putrid potion worse than Sam’s creation. I lunge at Sam without thinking about consequences and knock Jo off in the process. Sam allows himself to be bowled over in his surprise! I leap over him, grab the bottle of poison wine, and smash it against the wall. Emma starts at the noise, rushes under the table, and leaps away just in time; Sam has lunged at her for a reason unknown to me, presumably because he is venting his anger.
 She darts under the couch, and I can see her anxious eyes, peering out from under it. Sam is standing up now. He curls his lip in disgust and rage, his face reddening. Behind my back, I make a signal for Jo and Aidan to come. They understand. Jo darts to my side and puts up a fist, and Aidan follows suit. Sam snorts, rolls his eyes, and looks bored. I can’t tell the reason; he…thinks we can’t conquer him? If so, he’s right in the long run. Maybe… he is trying to hide his fear? No…
 The realization hits me like a bomb. It only takes a drop of poison to kill dad… especially since he once had kidney problems… Sam must know that. Carefully, My heart pounding, my voice as dry and brittle as an onionskin, I whisper two words that I can only hope Jo and Aidan will obey;
“Don’t move.” 
They each take this order differently. Aidan stays where he is without questioning my order, but Jo does the last thing that I want her to do. Well, almost the last. She whispers in a voice that can hardly pass for a whisper,
“Why not?” I can see that the effort not to scream it is taking a lot of her strength. I don’t know what to say next. If I say nothing, she will lunge at Sam without heeding a word of my plea. And I can’t think of anything that will hold her back without explaining everything, which is too risky in front of Sam! Finally, I say;
“Just trust me.” I take a step forward. Another drop spills into the wine. Another step. Another drop. And each time, Sam  poisons another bottle. Finally, when I’m two steps from the table, I lunge forward and grab at his poison. He won’t move, just standing there as I try and fail to take the poison. 
A swarm of guard’s stream out of the door with my mother, who is carrying Nora, and my father, who is staring at Sam. Sam drops the bottle, and it crashes to the floor and shatters, spilling its foul contents onto the marble floor. 
“What is the meaning of this?” Sam is ready with an explanation, but so am I.
“Dad,” I say; “Sam tried to poison you.” And then I tell him the whole story; how I tumbled off the tire swing, followed Sam into the dining room, smashed the bottle of wine against the wall- and throughout the explanation, his face grows soft, and painful, hurt, and sad. When I finish, he shakes his head and says,
“Stephanie, I know we’ve been going through hard times what with the guards and the economy and Nora and all, but I know Sam, and he knows me, and we both know that Sam is not at fault. I don’t know where you got this idea, but it’s not true. You’ve never told a lie, and I’m amazed.” 
“What? No, I’m not lying! I swear this is what I saw!”
“Stephanie, I don’t want you to tell me that you’re not lying, because I know that Sam is not at fault. Now I want you to go to your room and stay there until you can tell me what really happened.”
“But-”
“No, Stephanie.” And then he addresses Jo; “you will have to go home.” All she says is,
“Okay.”
But before she walks away, she slyly winks at me.


Once in my room, I wait for Jo to knock on the door to the secret passage. In about half an hour, she does, and I open it.
 “Quick, get on my shoulders so we can get your brother.”  I grab a flashlight to see our way through the passageway in case something happens to the lights, and then climb onto her shoulders and pull myself up, up into the passage. Jo follows. We crawl along until we reach Aidan’s room. We can hear snoring. We knock on the floor. The snoring stops and we can hear a thump that we can only guess is Aidan jumping in surprise;
“Who is it?” he asks.
“It’s us,” we answer.
“Who’s us?”
“Stephanie and Jo. We’re in the passageway. We’re coming down!” we can hear Aidan walking across the room and then;
“Okay!” we pull on the entrance and it swings open, hitting Jo in the face. She crawls around it and drops down, rubbing her head. She boosts Aidan up and we close the passageway door. We continue on far past the point where we stopped before. Soon, the ceiling becomes dirt with a few boards here and there to hold it up. We must be outside! Then, there is a sound like something rolling around in gravel. A little bit of dust falls from the ceiling. Then comes the sound of- meowing? Emma is having a dust bath! We all laugh, but in an instant our laughter is gone because a rumbling noise has come from above. Emma meows in frights and her paws make a pattering sound that is barely heard above the deafening rumble. Dust falls from the ceiling as the noise gets louder, boards splinter, Jo pushes us back just in time as dirt falls from on high- the wheel of the car is resting on only a few splintered boards! 
________________
8
WE SAVE ANNE AND DAD ALMOST DIES


T
wo men get out of the doors. Luckily, they are near the two front wheels of the car, and the hole that we’re looking through is at the very back. They don’t notice the hole. As we watch, they help a black figure out of the car. There is a yelp and out of the car he drags a girl. She too is dressed in black. Her hair is black. Her face is pale, and she is wearing a lot of makeup. She looks about thirteen- but not quite. It seems as if parts of her are as old as fifteen, but other parts look about my age. Somehow, her body looks too small for her legs, but maybe it’s just because her big boots are really tall. They step out, and the girl glances nervously around. Her eyes fall on the hole where I am hidden. I hold my breath. She sees me. 
Oddly enough, she says nothing. Her eyes widen for a moment, and she gasps. Then she quickly looks away. 
  Her hand twitches.
She brings forth a flashlight from her pocket. I remember how Anne and I once practiced Morse code.


BANG! A gunshot sounds, startling everyone.
There is a series of bangs from somewhere else. The man holding onto the girl mutters something and all three of the men laugh.
The girl takes the opportunity and while the men are distracted, she blinks the flashlight. The blinks form patterns in my mind, like th secret letters of a code… and suddenly something clicks. Morse code! She knows Morse code! I fumble in my pocket and bring forth the just-in-case flashlight. Hoping I can remember, I start to flash the word ‘repeat’. When I’m done, the girl flashes the message again. 
Help. Follow footsteps to bedroom of- 
What is that letter? I have no time to figure out, because I have to decode the message;
S
Who S? I flash back.
This time she flashes slowly;
RS
RS. the letters fly through my mind. Suddenly, it hits me. RS. My father’s initials! So the message really means;
Help. Follow my footsteps to the president’s bedroom.
I tell Jo and Aidan and flash back;
OK
She starts to walk away with the man. We are about to follow her, but Jo whispers; 
“Wait!” we all turn to her and stare. “If we follow the passage back to your room to your dad’s, it will be a lot better! I mean- what if they go off the path of the passageway? What then?” So we follow Jo. 


Once in my room, we grab Jo’s and my maps and dash toward dad’s bedroom. We stop when we see the man standing outside the door. He is talking to the girl. We can catch only a few words of what the man is saying;
“Now you...what I…or else…” 
We stare at each other in alarm. The next thing he does takes my breath away. The man pulls a length of rope from his black leather coat and ties the girl’s hands behind her. A sudden surge of anger grips me. Throwing caution to the winds, I lunge at the man and pull at his jacket, grab at his gloves and hair (both of which come off) and bite his wrists. He yelps as the girl throws her head back- and her hair comes off! She steps out of her boots, revealing that they have been stuffed with newspaper. She wipes her face on her jacket, and layers of makeup disappear. When she is done dismantling her costume, she is Anne! Without hesitation, Jo covers the space between her and Anne in one bound. She yanks the ropes off her hands and Anne screams and drops limply onto Jo in a swoon. Aidan and I have been watching so intently that we don’t notice the man until Aidan cries;
“He’s getting away!” It is true. The man dashes into dad’s bedroom. I turn and put my ear to the keyhole;
“I’ve poisoned you. If you drop out of office, I’ll give you the cure. If not… well, let me say that you and your family will undergo considerable damage.” 
I am trembling, but I know I have a lot to deal with, so I master my emotions, putting on a brave face outwardly even if it doesn’t reflect my inward emotions. I mouth at Jo; take her to my room. Jo hoists Anne over her shoulder and runs off. 
“Aidan, you stay here and make sure you hear everything that the man says.” I whisper. He nods.
 “I’ll be helping Jo.” I tell him. I run down the hall to my room to find that Jo has revived Anne. As I enter, the first words out of my mouth are;
“What happened, Anne?” Anne takes a deep breath before telling us;
“When your father got elected, at first Sam- Dad- was happy. But after a while, he started to get jealous. Then on Friday night I heard him devising a plan with a former fan, Luis, who had been working as a spy in the White House, to kidnap Nora. When he found out I had heard, he was afraid I would tell you, so he threatened to poison you if I had anything to do with you. That was why I haven’t been talking to you. Then I found out that you had gotten Nora back. Sam was in a regular tyrant. Mom was so scared that she hid me in a cupboard until Sam left. I fell asleep in there, and mom must have checked up on me, but she left me there, probably because she didn’t want to forget and have Sam vent his anger on me. Anyway, that was how I heard Sam’s second plan to poison your dad. I got really scared then, so scared that I tried to run away, but Sam’s messenger- the one you saw grab me out of the car caught me the night before he went to the White House when he was hiding in the bushes. He called Sam, who said to take me and use me as bait. He meant pretend that I had been kidnapped to influence your dad even more. When I saw you, I seized my chance and… you know the rest of the story.” She shakes her head angrily. “I had suspected that Sam was up to no good awhile ago, but I didn’t say anything. Nobody would have believed me.”
“We would have.”
“Well, I still didn’t want to upset anyone. I was hoping that I was wrong down to the very last minute.”
Suddenly, Aidan stumbles in. He has a black eye, and looks like he’s been wrestling a rhino.
“What happened?” I ask.
“I only just got away… there are…Men…lots of them…outside dad’s room.” he gasps.


I stare at him. We all do. Jo is first to come to her senses. 
“We need to hide Anne!” she grabs Anne and shoves her into my closet. And not a moment too soon, because in a minute, in come streaming at least a dozen men in black. 
They surround us, and one of them says; 
“Go get the girl from the closet! Now!” several men step over to the closet where Anne is hidden. Even though this has been a bad choice in my past experiences, I run at the man, and get in one good punch in the head before the other men grab me and pull me back. I scream and thrash, not paying any attention to anything that they’re saying. Gradually, I run out of energy and slump into the arms of my captors’, useless, as a flashlight without batteries. 
The man throws me aside, onto the bed, and grabs Anne from the closet. The moment I see Anne’s white face, my anger renews. But this time I am more sensible about how to act. This time, I search my brain for a plan- any plan- and finally pull something up from the depths of my mind. I slump onto the bed as if all the air has been pushed out of me. Setting a defeated expression on my face, I wait for the men to notice me. When I’m sure they’ve seen me, I wait until they’re all faced away, then start to make my way toward the door. I’m almost there when I spy a book on the floor. I grab it; kick the bookshelf from which it fell, and run, my foot throbbing from the impact. I can hear the men behind me, running. When I’m about halfway through the hall, I look behind me, and see the men running. I dash into another hallway, and then vault through a door, and throw the book as far up the hall as I can. The men hear the noise and run toward it, and I tiptoe back to my room. There, I find Anne, Jo, and Aidan sitting in stunned silence. 
“Let’s move. They’ll be here any minute. I threw a book to distract them, but they’ll probably find it soon.” They all jump out of their stupor, and within minutes we are running through the halls of the White House.
Suddenly, I hear footsteps- the men are behind us. I look back, and see nothing. They must be around the corner. I grab my friends and pull them into a nearby room, putting a finger to my lips. The men rush past and outside, and I can hear them yelling as the guards fight with them. We are safe- for the time being, anyway.


 “I’m sorry I told you that stuff about Sam. That guy on the North lawn was forcing us all to participate in a hoax. But it’s okay now. You got him.” My parents look at me.
“Well,” my mom says, “Why would Stephanie tell a lie?” dad looks at her. “Alright,” he sighs.
I run back to my room to find everyone still trying to find a place for Anne to hide. Aidan and Jo are arguing over the closet.
“It’s our best option!” Aidan exasperatedly points out.
“Well just look at what happened last we tried to hide Anne in the closet!” Jo presses.
“That was just because they were too quick and saw us hide her!”
“It’s still too risky,” I side with Jo, “Sam will be looking everywhere.”
Aidan is still bumbling around in the closet and he bangs his knee on something.
“Ow!”
Access denied.
“What the…?” Jo stares at Aidan. I rush forward and push aside a shirt where Aidan banged his knee, revealing the wall of my closet. But a panel in the wall has been accidentally jostled and is hanging open to reveal an electronic keypad.
“Guys! It’s another secret passage!” Everyone crowds around as I type in the code. The door falls open to reveal a crawlspace under the floor. I look around at my friends.
It’s perfect.


“There.” I have finished with the sleeping bag for Anne. She climbs in and I hand her a flashlight.
“Remember, turn it off if someone comes into the room.” She nods, and I shut the door. I am just about to get up and start organizing a meeting on how to get the cure for the poison when a guard rushes in.
“Miss Stone?” his voice quavers.
“What is it?” I ask, cold fear crawling down my spine like a poisonous snake.
“It’s your dad, Stephanie. He’s been poisoned.”
I slam the door in the man’s face. Sam! 
“Oh, no.”
 “We can’t worry about that right now, Stephanie. We have to focus on the cure.”
“How are we supposed to get the cure when we’re watched by guards twenty four seven? This is stupid! None of this ever would have happened if we hadn’t moved into the White House!”


After the incident with Anne, I sleep uneasily each night. My dreams are nightmarish visions of Sam and a committee of black spies taking over the White House, the city, the state, the country, and finally the world. Dreams in which I drink amber-colored water then loose my senses. Whenever Aidan talks about the mystery or Sam or anything else, I don’t answer him. He can continue in our quest if he wants, but I won’t join him. I have had enough. I’m not going to persist in this ridiculous idea anymore. The only thing I keep doing that has anything to do with our previous adventures is helping Anne.
Dad remains in bed, unable to see anyone. Sam rules now, and it seems as if he will for the next four years. At least. Aidan, Nora, mom, and I have packed our bags after Dad agreed to drop out of office. Mom remains in one of the spare bedrooms since dad’s is being disinfected. Sometimes, she doesn’t even come in to kiss us goodnight. But how do I know? I spend most of my time sitting in the window seat of my room or under the covers of my bed. I always lock the door to my room except at mealtimes. I don’t speak to anyone. A cloud of sadness has settled over the family. We are all in mourning except Nora, who is too young to grasp the meaning of death.
“Why aw oo so sad?” she asks mom one day.
“Daddy is going away.” She answers.
“But he’ll come back, wight?” none of us have the heart to tell her the truth. I wonder what will happen once Sam rules. He will no longer have anything to do with us. He won’t need to. We will probably go back to our quiet life at the large house back in Bellingham. Everything will be the same again. Except it won’t. It never will. Not quite. 
Dad doesn’t die. But we are all sure that he will. Or at least, we’re all sure until one day, some miraculous news comes to light.
________________
9
WE MAKE A PLAN THAT TOTALLY FAILS
T
HUMP. THUMP. THUMP. Someone knocks on my door. 
“Go away,” I say.        
THUMP. THUMP. THUMP.
“I said go away!”
“That’s all you ever say.”
“Aidan, stop trying to bother me.”
“No.”
I stare at the door, open mouthed. No? No? 
“This is my room, Aidan! Get out!”
“You heard me. No. And I’m not even in your room.”
“Get out!”
“No.”
“Get out!”
        “No, Stephanie. That’s all you’ve said for the last two months, and I’m telling you now, I’m not going to let you sit around, moping all the time! Not when you’ve got no reason!”
“But dad’s going to die. I’ve got plenty of reason.” 
“No, sis, he’s not. While you’ve sat in your room, mourning, I have been spying on Sam, because after about a month, it struck me as a little weird that Dad wasn’t dead. And my efforts have been rewarded. Sam left out an ingredient in the poison that apparently, he made himself!”
“Left out?”
        “Yes, left out! Dad isn’t going to die for at least two months! Now let me in!” 
In a flash, I see how selfish I’ve been. How will Sam run things when- no, if he gets to be president? He might leave us alone (although now that I think about it, that is extremely unlikely) but what about all the other inhabitants of our country? I suddenly understand the importance of the election, of getting the right person. And I understand what it feels like to be president- the weight of an entire country on your shoulders. Dad, Sam, and all the presidential candidates are currently in timeout of this wild, life-and-death game, so now the responsibility is on my shoulders. I am his oldest child. It is my job to protect everyone now. It is all up to me. I quickly unlock the door and Aidan scurries inside. 
“So, what do you plan to do?” I ask.
“I plan to find the cure to the poison! What do you think?”
        “Hasn’t it occurred to you that Sam might not have a cure? I mean, when dad consented to drop out of office, no cure arrived.” 
“I can’t be sure, but Anne said she got into his study one day and saw the drafts for a lot of poisons and poison cures, and I’m guessing that there is a draft for the cure, so if we can’t find the cure, we can at least find the instructions to make one.”
“And what if there’s nothing?”
“Then we get evidence to at least show that Sam is guilty. And anyway, what choice do we have?”
“Okay…but how do you plan to get in?” 
“I don’t know.”
“Do you even know the way?”
“No, but Anne knows the address.” 
I sigh,
“I guess we’ll just have to try.”


On June 12, our plan is all worked out. It all depends on the secret passage extending to outside the White House grounds. I put on a pair of jean shorts and a dark blue tank top. I also adjust my wig. It’s from a school play and is wavy and Auburn. I then sneak into my Mom’s room and grab her makeup. I go to town and with a pair of sunglasses, I hardly look like myself anymore. 
Anne also needs a disguise because a lot of people might recognize her where we’re going. We come up with a pair of khaki shorts and a purple tank top. Anne also wears a pair of foster grant sunglasses like mine and a ton of makeup, but we can’t figure out what to do with her hair. We curl it, but it still looks a lot like Anne’s hair. It’s lucky I remember the purple hairspray I bought last time I went to the mall.
“It’s not permanent?” Anne asks me.
“Nope, it washes out as soon as water touches it.” I try to spray Anne’s hair, but it’s dark brown and the spray doesn’t show up.
“Here, put this on.” I hand Anne my wig. She puts it on, and now she looks like an ordinary girl. I hand her the hairspray and then put a towel over my face and wrap another one around my shoulders.
“Okay, spray me.” Anne sprays my entire hair and then we let it dry for a few minutes. When I look in the mirror, I look nothing like myself.
“What about Aidan?” Anne asks me.
At that moment, Aidan walks in wearing cutoffs, a Homework Kills Trees t shirt, and foster grants. 
“He still looks like himself.” Anne looks at him skeptically.
“Aidan, can I curl your hair?”
“No!”
“It’s for a worthy cause. Do you have a better idea?”
Aidan scowls as I curl away. I then spray his hair purple. Aidan doesn’t like the effect. You can see it on his face as he looks in the mirror. I hand him a box of tissues.
“Here, put some of these over your mouth and cough like you’ve got the flu. That way people will hardly see any of your face!”
 Now comes the hard part. I pull out my cell phone and dial Jo’s number. When she picks up, I explain the plan.  So can you meet me by the rock?”
“Sure.”
 “Okay, bye.” We have to get up on Anne’s back to get into the passage, and it’s a little tricky since she’s not as strong as Jo, but we manage it. As soon as we’ve picked up Jo by the rock, we traverse the passage, picking up noises as we go; Emma meowing in protest as Nora hits her on the head, a limousine pulling into the parking lot, Guards questioning other guards as they enter, a splash as someone jumps into the pool on the east lawn, someone else, probably Nora again, playing on the swing set. Aidan continues to draw the passageway, only on a map of the neighborhood, so we know where we are going. We know where Sam’s house is because Anne told us it is on Executive Street. Soon, we arrive there. We dig a hole in a yard that we make sure is empty first by listening. Getting up, out of the hole, we tiptoe out of the yard. Dashing into a nearby hedge, we quickly make a rough plan;
“Anne, what’s the address to your house?” I ask
“6580.”
“Okay, we need to make a plan. Someone needs to check the addresses on the houses. Jo, you do that, and Aidan and I will make sure no one’s coming to see us. Anne, you tell us how to navigate your house as we go.” And so that is how we make our way down Executive Street; with Jo in front, checking the addresses, and Aidan and I walking on either side of Anne, checking for people while she whispers the directions to the lab. Suddenly, Jo whispers;
“I found it! Right there! 6580!” she is pointing to an elegant, four-story house. It is painted gray, with dusky blue trimmings, and the elegant windows peer out like strange, unseeing eyes. We approach the double doors. Guards stand there and we try to look like we’re just passing by.
As soon as we’re out of sight and earshot, we loop back through several yards and end up by the fence. We peer through a knothole to make sure there are no guards in the backyard. There aren’t, so we climb over the fence and crouch under a bush in case someone does come out.
“How are we going to get in?” hisses Anne.
“Hmmm…” Jo scratches her chin; “we could go in through a window.” I can immediately think of dozens of problems; there might be guards at the windows, the windows might not be open-able, the curtains might be drawn on all of them so we couldn’t make sure no one was in the room, someone might see us and wonder what a bunch of kids are doing on the roof. When I voice these problems to Jo, she says;
“Well, we could use something heavy to break open the window if it won’t open, and we can listen at the window to see if anyone’s there. As for people seeing us and guards, we’ll just have to take that chance, although both are unlikely since it’s lunchtime and Sam hasn’t got that many guards. And if there are no guards in his backyard, do you think there will be guards in Sam’s windows? If you still need to be convinced, we take all of those risks and more if we go through the doors.” She pauses. “Happy?”
I laugh. “You sound like a lawyer!”
We look at all the downstairs windows first, but have no luck, and so we lug a ladder to the backyard and climb up one by one. We climb higher and higher until we reach the top story. We peek in and see the laboratory of Sam Morgan. 


The window is open a crack because of the heat, and Jo pulls it open enough for us to climb in. the room is shaped like a hollow pyramid. Bottles of different colored liquid cover the many shelves that cover the perimeter of the wall. Painted a simple white, with many overstuffed armchairs, the room also has a fireplace that is currently not being used. There are many desks, on top of which are plans, lists of ingredients, possible combinations, and a big journal. 
“Well, let’s get started.” Anne looks around at us.
“But, well, we don’t have any idea where the cure is, do we?” Aidan looks confused.
“All we need to do is find the bottle that you guys saw Sam with. He keeps cures next to their poisons.” Anne replies. She then sees our amazed faces, and turns scarlet. “I hear a lot of things.” Anne explains self-consciously.
“It’ll take forever to search these shelves!” Aidan cries.
“Look! They’re organized in alphabetical order!” shouts Jo.
“The poison is called Dindintium.” Anne tells us.
“We need to get evidence,” Aidan says, changing the subject as abruptly as a train changes junctions, “without any, no one will believe us. They’ll think we’re making it up, or we’re crazy.” he grabs the journal, and several ingredient lists, and then stuffs them in his backpack (We agreed to take backpacks for this very reason). I grab some lists, plans, and names.
We immediately break up into groups; Aidan and Jo begin to collect evidence, stuffing it all in my backpack. Anne and I move slowly along the shelves, looking in the D section. I slowly move along the shelves, staring at the labels on bottles. Suddenly, my heart stops. I read the name on the bottle. And right next to it is-
“Look! I found it!” Everyone looks up. “I found it! I got it! I got the cure! Dad will be alright!” I cry, dancing on the spot.
“We’ve got our evidence, so let’s get moving!” says Jo. 


After stowing the cure in my backpack, padding it down with blankets and charts until we’re sure it will never break unless someone deliberately throws it on the ground, and putting the backpacks back on our backs, we climb out the window. I am going to climb down when a thought occurs to me.
“Doesn’t this seem a little easy?” I ask. No one answers and when I look at my friends, their faces are frozen in horror, all staring at a spot above my head. I whirl around but in my haste I lose my balance and fall off the edge of the roof!
Just as I am about to fall out of reach of the roof, a pair of hands grabs me. 
I twist around and stare into the face of Sam Morgan. He has my by the shoulders and his grip is viselike.
 Jo immediately grabs my backpack off my back, and there is a thump to indicate that she has done the same to Aidan’s. She pulls mine onto her back, throws Aidan’s onto the next Story, and jumps onto it! She does the same with the next story, and the next, and the next, and the one after that. At the bottom, she runs off with both our backpacks! How could she leave us here with a man who will murder the president, kidnap his daughter, and blame it all on his friends just to get power? Evidently Aidan and Anne are thinking the same thing. But I can’t think about it anymore because I faint.


 “Sissy, wake up! Wake up; there is work to be done!”
“Aidan?”
“Yes, yes, it’s me, can you stand?” I stand up, sway… and hit my head on the wall!
“OUCH! Hey, why can’t I see anything?”
“You’re in a closet!” I can make out a door with my fingers. Fumbling, I find the knob and turn it. Nothing happens. In the darkness, I turn my head toward Aidan. He is a dim silhouette, while Anne is standing farther back against the wall. I step back and launch myself at the door, using my full body weight and expecting it to splinter like the room in the passageway. Instead, I slam into the door and it doesn’t even shudder. This door is made of hard, old wood and it feels like it’s broken every bone in my body. I lay on the floor, unable to move until Aidan says,
“Anne. Anne, I think she’s dead!”
“What? No!” Anne starts sobbing while Aidan starts screaming, and suddenly I don’t ache so much anymore. I am distracted from the pain because I’m putting all of my effort into making myself heard above the noise,
“Shut up, I’m not dead and we are going to find a way out of here!”
All at once, the noise stops and Aidan and Anne turn to stare at me. I can tell they’re both embarrassed. I just sit down on the floor and start testing it for secret passages. But before I can finish, I hear a clicking sound and light comes streaming in through the doorway. I am blinded, but I stand up ready to fight whoever is at the door, because I’m assuming it’s one of Sam’s people. But before I can make a move, a cloth is slapped over my mouth, and I have just enough time to register the smell of chemicals before I’m asleep.
  
________________
10
WE ESCAPE
S
omething coarse is tightening painfully around me, and realize that I am awake, and being tied up! Earlier in the year, I would have screamed, but I’m used to surprises now, and our predicament now isn’t much worse than our predicament when I last fainted. I decide that it is best to pretend to be asleep. 
“Is she still asleep?” whispers Aidan’s voice in the background; “I’m beginning to worry!” I wish I could tell Aidan that I’m okay without Sam hearing, but that’s impossible. Sam’s voice says,
“Take them with you, they must know where the other girl went, and she must have the cure. I’ll keep this one here to see how much she knows.
I heard footsteps, which must be the guards going down the hall with Anne and Aidan. I want to help them, but I can’t. 
And then the full pressure of the situation hits me. I am with Sam Morgan, who is quite possibly the most dangerous man in America. He could kill me if he wanted to. I’m in an adult world, and that isn’t something I can comprehend.
So much for being used to surprises. I let out a scream of terror and begin struggling. Sheer fear drives me on, and I have surprise on my side. Sam lets go of me and I fall to the ground, off balance from the sudden lack of something to lean on. He isn’t done with the ropes on my legs, and I kick them off, not bothering with my arms because a voice in my head is whispering
Just get away. 
Sam grabs me again, and I have an idea. I pull up my feet, leaning my whole body weight into Sam. My plan works, and he’s caught off guard from the sudden increase of weight. He falls, and so do I. I land on top of him, and the ropes on my arms are loosened from all of the struggling, and I pull them off. Apparently Sam wasn’t too careful in tying the knots, maybe because he didn’t think I could do much to him anyway.
Sam gets up, and I land on the floor. He lunges, but my reflexes are quicker than his, and I dart between his legs, causing him to land on the carpet again. I jump up and run, trying not to make a sound as I dash through corridors and up staircases, around pillars and through ornate pairs of doors, until I slam into something. Feeling that all is lost, that my frantic escape was to no avail and Sam is going to kill me anyway, I look up, and meet the bright blue eyes of-
Jo? I stare at her, disbelieving, wondering if all this pressure has finally cracked me, and I’m seeing things.
“How did you get in here?” I finally ask.
“The same way I left! Honestly, Stephanie, weren’t you conscious when Sam dragged you back into his house?”
“No,” I laugh sheepishly.
“How did you escape?” asks Jo, “I was on my way to rescue you when you bumped into me! And where are-”
“Later, we need to help Anne and Aidan. They’re with the guards, and are looking for you! Sam thinks we know where you’ve gone!” 
“Oh no! But we can’t take on two of Sam’s guards, let alone more!” 
“I think,” I say slowly, “that I’ll get some backup.”
 “Yeah, and I’ll show you where I hid the backpacks.”
“Why did you steal them in the first place?”
“So that Sam wouldn’t take them away from you; we need the evidence, not to mention the cure. So, who’re you calling?” 
“I’m not calling anyone.” I answer mysteriously.
“But you just said you’d get some backup!” Jo confusedly points out.


Five minutes later, we are on Executive Street. I tell Jo my plan.
“Great idea! But we need water.”
“Come on.” I peer into the nearest backyard to make sure it’s empty and then dart toward the hose. I turn it on and wash off all my makeup. Then I close my eyes and wash out the purple hairspray. When I look like me again, we begin looking for signs of Anne, Aidan, and the men. I hid my face under my hair. We search this street, and the next street, and the next street, and the one after that. Finally, several blocks away from where we started, we spy figures in the distance, about one hundred yards away. We can just make out Aidan and Anne- or at least the backs of their heads- surrounded by men. I duck behind some bushes and I pull out my credit card. I take a deep breath, and press it. Then, we wait. In less than five minutes, we spy a limo with the White House Seal on it. We both jump out from our hiding place behind some bushes and start screaming,
“Help! Help! They’re comiiiiiiiiinnnnggg!!! EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!” guards jump out from the truck. Roger and Ella get out, too, and push us into the car. We watch through the back window as guards fight with the men. The men are outnumbered, and they’ve soon run away. Anne and Aidan get into the car with us, and happy reunion takes place. The guards start to drive toward the White House. I open my mouth to protest about the backpacks, but Jo shakes her head at whispers, 
“I hid them outside the White House. It was an unlikely place, and really close! So don’t say anything.” I grin, and pass the message on.
We soon arrive at the White House, where a guard at the entrance stops us. While he’s questioning the guards up front, Aidan slips out of the car and grabs our backpacks, since he’s the smallest and least noticeable. We all hold our breath as he pulls the backpacks back to the car, and let it out when he clambers in and shuts the door.


“Stephanie Ruth Stone! Do you have any idea how worried your mother has been?”
The guard at the door to Dad’s room is shouting at me. I have requested to see my dad, and I valiantly fight and use my elbows as the other guards show signs of wanting me to move.
“I’m sorry, but perhaps you didn’t hear me the first time. The question is not ‘how worried has my mother been?’ the question is where my father is?” Jo giggles behind her hand at this.
“Why would you want to know that?”
“I have evidence about the kidnapping of my younger sister and the poisoning of my father. I also have the cure to the poison, but I’m not showing anything until I can see Dad!” I almost shout the last words at the guard. I watch him grapple with inwardly. I can almost hear what he is thinking. On the one hand, the president was sick, and on the point of dying. No one was supposed to see him without Sam
‘s permission. But I claim to have the cure. And clues. However, this might just be a childish prank. 
“It wouldn’t hurt,” I prod him, and that prod seems to push him into a ravine of decision. 
“Alright,” he says; “but only you. And no pranks.”
“Aidan has a right to see him, too.”
“Alright, but the friends can wait outside the door.” When we get to the door to dad’s room, Aidan and I enter with the guard.
“Leave.” I order the guard.
“No.” he replies, and that is that. I look at my father. He is deathly white. His eyes are closed. Aidan reads the instructions aloud,
“Give one cup to victim every half hour for one week.”
“Get the measurer.” I tell the guard weakly. He leaves, and Aidan and I are left alone with dad. I think over everything that has happened, the first sightings of Luis, the cousins’ visit, meeting Jo, the ransom note, rescuing Nora, the poisoning of dad, finding Anne, being kidnapped, rescuing Anne and Aidan, and I wonder: why did this have to happen to us? Because Dad is the president. And Sam was jealous. And despite all the security, Sam and Luis had no trouble doing anything because they were right there in the White House. It seems so unfair that no one would believe us.
The guard has returned now. He is holding the measuring cup. I pour the cure into it. Tipping the cup to Dad’s lips, I pour the liquid into his mouth. He lies still for a moment, but then, his eyes open. He stares at me and Aidan like he doesn’t recognize us. This is too much for me. I turn and run out the door. Jo and Anne stare in surprise as I barrel past them, up a flight of stairs, through the door to the hall, down the hall until I reach my room, through the door, and I collapse onto my bed. Jo and Anne burst through the door two minutes later, wheezing. Jo opens her mouth, but Anne silences her and asks;
“What’s wrong, Stephanie?”
“Nothing is fair!” I tell her in exasperation. “Everyone tries to protect us from bad guys, but the bad guys were right in front of them! And it was just… Dad looked at us like he didn’t even recognize us! And… it’s like there’s nothing we can do to stop anyone from doing it again!”
“Stephanie,” Jo interrupts, “There are things we can do. The only problem is that this was the first time we’ve done this. So far, we did everything wrong. We let Sam use us as bait. Now we know what mistakes we made. And there’s still hope. I mean, we’ve done one thing right already! We got the cure.” I look up at her. In a weird way, what she says seems to make sense. “And I think we’ve taught everyone a lesson about security! Now, let’s go show those guards our evide-” but that is as far as she gets, because suddenly, the door flies open and a bloodcurdling shriek shatters all of our newly gained confidence.
________________
11
EVERYTHING GOES WRONG, AS USUAL
W
e close our eyes for a moment, and then Jo and I peek for a terrifying second. We expect to see guards or men, but it is Mom. She turns and locks the door as soon as she enters, her face as white as a newspaper, which means she’s not entirely white, but as white as she can get. 
“Mom! What-”
“Men - chasing me- only just got away- Sam Morgan- mad-”
“We know. He’s the culprit. He’s mad that we got the cure and gave it to dad!” at that moment, there is an earsplitting crash as someone outside attempts to break down the door. It shakes, but doesn’t give way. 
“We have to do something!” yells Anne. Another earsplitting crash and the hinges rattle ominously. Jo runs to the window, and looks out. 
Why? I wonder. This isn’t the time to look at the view, and she’ll just see the north lawn and the balconies above and below anyway. 
Hello.
“Stephanie, come on over.” Says Jo, “I’ll lower you out the window to the balcony.” I run forward, and Jo grabs my hands as I climb onto the windowsill. Slowly, I put one foot off the windowsill. Then I put it back on. 
The balcony is only three feet below! You can do it! Move! I think, but my muscles won’t budge. There is another blow to the door, and it startles me so much that I slip and fall off the windowsill! Jo’s hands slip, and next thing I know, I am falling... falling…. And then-
I hit something light and airy and thin that feels like fabric. I am lying on top of the porch swing! I grab at the side as I fall, and it barely supports me, so that instead of landing flat on my face and possibly breaking some bones, I lower myself to the ground. A second later, Anne lands beside me, and then Aidan, and then mom, and finally, Jo lowers herself onto the porch swing roof, closes the window, and slides down, beside Aidan. We look up, and then walk into the living room behind the balcony door. We run through the White House in search of guards, but find none.
“Maybe there are some guards on the north lawn,” Aidan says, and we follow him out. There are no guards there either. 
Suddenly, three of them run toward us, and one is carrying Nora.
“Nora! How did you get here?” I ask. But I am interrupted by one of the guards,
“Hands up!”


I stare as all three guards pull out guns! And then the middle one, the one holding Nora smiles a cold, thin lipped, chillingly familiar smile. 
“Luis!” I shriek as the guard moves closer and closer… and then strong hands grab me and push me up onto a tree trunk! Rough bark burns my hands as I climb with ferocity. I suddenly notice something. A branch that looks pretty small juts out, over the fence! I climb along it, praying that the branch won’t collapse under me. I inch, little by little, and finally, I make it to the part overhanging the fence. I hang by my hands, take a deep breath, and drop. I land in the grass, and it hurts less than I expected. Jo, Aidan, and Anne follow. Then we get up, and run for our lives. When we stop, Mom isn’t with us. 
“Where’s Mom?” I ask my friends.
“I thought she was right behind us!” Jo pants.
 My mother doesn’t appear. We make our way back to the white House, and stare through the fence bars at the North Lawn. The guards have gone. So has Mom.
“Where did she go?” asks Aidan.
“I wish I knew.” I reply, and in my head, 
I just hope it’s not for the rest of her life. 


 “What can we do?” asks Anne, “We can’t just leave her!”
“Maybe we could summon the guards.” Aidan says hopefully. 
“Good idea.” I say, and pull out my fake credit card, and press it. We wait. And wait. And wait. After half an hour has passed, Jo says,
“I know we’d all like to think that the guards are all having a bad hair day or something, but the president and his family are supposed to come first. Either the guards haven’t got their credit cards, or they can’t come. So, we’re on our own. Any ideas?” no one has any. I stroke my chin in thought. It seems as if all the clues are pieces of a jigsaw puzzle; they can fit together, but they won’t. Suddenly, a guard comes running out of the White House. His face is pale as snow, and dark blood is leaking out of his mouth. Jo springs into speech;
“Did you get Stephanie’s message? What’s taken you so long? Do you kno-”
But her words are cut short as a gunshot sounds, cracking the still air. The guard just runs away, but I hardly notice because my memory has ignited, as if a spark has just flared into a fire. Where have I heard that sound before? My mind races back through all the adventures we’ve had together, starting with us pressing my credit card and ending with Nora getting kidnapped, like a tape recorder played backwards. Nothing. But I still feel that sense of déjà vu, as if I’ve heard the sound before, but I just can’t remember where…
My mind skims over the important points, and finally comes to rest at one. I remember my thoughts at that time, and within moments, I come to a conclusion. A conclusion that means that something important is about to happen. It means that we have been standing in one place for too long. We need to move. Fast.
________________
12
WE HAVE AN ADVENTURE AT THE BEACH
“R 
un!” it is the first word that pops into my head. Jo is surprised. 
“To where? And why?” 
“Remember when we were rescuing Anne, and that gunshot sounded, and then when we though Anne was safe, a bunch of Sam’s men came in and grabbed her?”
“Yeah…” Jo’s face dawns with comprehension. 
“A signal!”
We say in unison, and grab a startled Aidan and Anne, and hurry them along, behind a bush, and from there up a tree. We wait. Nothing happens. I am just about to climb down, when suddenly, several men in black uniforms run out of the White house and start off somewhere. Their uniforms are not the guards’ uniforms with the White House seal. No one says anything; no one needs to. We communicate with our eyes, and jump down from the tree and follow the men. They get in a truck. I look at the others. Their eyes say the same as mine,
Are we really going to follow through with this?
We all answer by getting in the back of the truck.


The ride is bumpy, and we lie down flat so as not to be seen by the men. Finally, when it’s getting dark, we arrive at the beach. Waves crash on the sand, and the scene that meets my eyes makes my blood run cold. Men swarm all over the surface of the seashore, policemen and guards yell, and in the midst of it all, there are the two people I love and hate most: 
Dad and Sam.
Sam looms over the scene, his face eerily illuminated by the moon, while dad stands staring at him, supported by guards, still weak and pale, an expression of disbelief, pain, anger, and overall, fear in his face, all rolled into one. I stare at them both, standing there in the moonlight, amidst all the action, Sam’s face a mask of triumph, dad an image of despair.
Suddenly, I hear a shriek, and come to my senses, seeing that Anne is screaming as several men rush toward her, and Jo is running toward them, but then, I hear another noise. It is a noise that I’ve heard many times, both at our house in Bellingham, and at the White House. The sound of Nora’s crying. I look toward the noise, and see Nora screaming her head off as two men try to push her and mom into a small boat. I scream back and rush toward them, running with outstretched arms, until two hands grab me from behind, and I scream again until I realize that the hands are Jo’s. 
“Stephanie! They’ve got Anne!” I hear the words, but they slide through my brain and out my other ear before I can process them. I yell,
“Mom! Nora! We have to do something! Help me!” I look for the boat, and see it out at sea, with mom, Nora, and Anne on it! But what’s Anne doing there? 
Unbidden, Jo’s words leap back into my brain and land with a loud and sickening thump, and without a plan, I run toward the dock. Out of nowhere, a guard grabs me. I kick and scream, flailing my arms until he drops me- right into the water. I kick and flail some more, but for once, no one comes to my aid. For once, everyone is occupied with something else that I can’t see. A gunshot rings. 
“Put your hands in the air!” yells a voice. I grab the barnacle covered pole that holds up the dock for support, and then see something that pushes a plan into my head, and without the slightest notion of what I’m doing, let go of the dock and paddle toward a motor boat as fast as I can go, kicking water until I reach it. Climbing over the side, I look for something to break the rope holding the motorboat to the dock, but without warning, another gunshot sounds, and I duck instinctively, and it’s a good thing too, because otherwise I would have been dead. Instead of hitting me, the bullet ricochets off the inside of the motorboat and bounces back, breaking the rope. It’s as if I planned it.
I am out at sea. I look everywhere until I find a life jacket under the seat of the boat, and buckle it on. I’ve watched my grandpa handle a motorboat before, so I have an idea of how it works. I push the button that says start, and the boat roars to life. I then locate the pedal that says gas and put down my foot. My vehicle shoots off into the ocean. I am concentrating too hard to be scared, and grab the steering wheel. I scan the horizon for the boat that Anne, Nora, and Mom were in, and see nothing but a big ferry. But wait- what is that small dot on the side of the ferry? On the side, I can just make out figures going up a ladder and onto the ferry deck. I twist the steering wheel, point the motorboat straight toward the ferry, and push on the gas pedal as hard as I can.


The ride to the ferryboat is fast, and it doesn’t take that long. My foot begins to hurt from stepping on the gas so long, and my body is numb inside my jeans and turtle neck fleece. I wish I had brought a warmer jacket. Finally, I reach the ferry. The motorboat bobs alongside the ferry, and I wonder how to get onto it.
I wonder if ferries have anchors. I could peek under the water and see. But no, I can’t see underwater in the dark! What am I going to do? 
I scan the boat, and then see a big knot with other rope around it. I reach under the seat again, and, sure enough, my fingers feel something coarse and tough- a rope. I Tie a loop in it so it will go around something. Then I tie the not-looped end to the pole that holds on the roof on the motorboat, and throw the rope toward the knob, but it’s too far away. There’s only one thing for it. I slowly step on the gas until I’m right up to the back of the ferry, where cars drive through. I bump against the edge. I pick up the rope and carefully scramble onto the deck. The rope is long, and the knob is low, so I can get it around the knob pretty easily. Now, the boat won’t drift away. I take a deep breath and walk onto the ferry. 


It’s dank and dark inside. I can’t see, so I feel my way up to the stairs. Once inside the part of the ferry where people sit, I find everyone huddled. Some gasp as they see me, but I ignore them and look for someone I can ask. A woman is huddled in a seat, with two children beside her, one crying and one bawling. I ask her,
“Have you seen a woman and two girls- one about my age, and one a toddler?” I don’t see any reason for pretense. She gasps, and manages to answer,
“You can’t go in there! The vice president is in there and he hijacked the ferry!” she glances at the captain’s cabin.
“Thanks.” I tell her, and then I run off toward the captain’s cabin, hastily making sure I’m not being followed. I peek in the window, and see Sam steering the ferry, while mom, Nora, Anne, and the captain sit in straight-backed chairs. My lip quivers at the sight of Sam, of this man who has committed so much evil.
In that moment, I’m more scared then I’ve ever been in my life. I’m More scared than when I fell from the edge of the pool and almost drowned in nine feet of water. Definitely more scared than when I saw the spy. It is like an electric shock, like when I’m riding my bike and suddenly fall, or go down a steep hill, or the wheel of the bike goes intro a pothole, except it’s magnified ten million times, and it lasts much, much longer. 
A bang makes me jump. People are dying. Sam- no. Don’t think about Sam. I need to get back on track. 
I gather all my courage, and step into the cabin. Sam whirls around. He leers at me,
“Come to get your little friends?”
“Yes.” I say, and before I can stop myself, I yell; “and if you don’t let them go, you’ll be sorry! You’re mean and sly and underhanded, and you always expect yourself to win! You don’t think a girl like me who isn’t even good at practical stuff like Jo is doesn’t stand a chance against you, but you’re wrong! Your secrets are out now!  You’re going to be the most wanted person in North America in a few hours, and I’ll make sure of that!” 
“Ha, ha, what a moving little speech.” He starts toward me. Quick as a flash, I grab a roll of maps, concentrating every particle of the anger and hatred for this man that has alighted in me ever since he kidnapped Nora into this blow. The maps smack him in the face again and again, and in a moment, someone who is standing alongside me and punching Sam in the face and yelling with an equal amount of hatred as I feel joins me. And then I realize who it is. Anne. Coward, timid, unsure-of-herself Anne is punching Sam in the face and shouting at him! Sam steps back in surprise,
“Anne! I never thought you would do this to your own father!”
“You’re not my father,” Anne shouts at him, “I don’t know why Mom married you, but all I can say is that when she did, you must have been acting a lot nicer than you really were!” 
Sam has anger in his eyes, and he runs forward, but Anne trips him, and we both jump on him, and pin him to the ground. We look at each other, and for a moment, we loosen our grip. We think we’ve won.
But he’s up again in a flash. He grabs me and I try to pull away, but my body snaps back he pulls his fist back, and when he hits me, it is like iron. I fall to the ground, my mouth bleeding. Tears erupt in my eyes. He whirls on Anne.
“Not- not- her- not Anne…” I mumble, trying to stand. I grasp Sam and hold on like a leech. He wrenches my arm away. I hear Anne screaming, as if from far away. We’re losing, I think, I’ll never see my family again. I’ll never see Aidan again. Anne has stopped screaming. Why?
And then, I see it. All the passengers of the ferry are in the captain’s cabin. The woman I talked to leads them. Triumphantly, everyone stares at Sam. Sam steps forward. And then they all run to meet him. Sam is pinned to the ground. Someone gets rope, and ties him up. And finally, we carry Sam Morgan the evil vice president out of the captain’s cabin.


 Anne, Nora, Mom, and I say goodbye to the passengers and are about to get into the motorboat and drive toward the shore when the captain calls,
“Wait!” and we turn. “We’ll ferry you back. That’s where we’re going, anyway.” He nods toward the shore.
When we arrive on the shore, the first thing I see is dad, his arms outstretched, and a relived smile on his face. 
“Daddy!” I run into his arms, and we embrace. Then Aidan and mom come into the hug, and then Anne and Nora, and finally, Jo. And as we stand there, all the main characters, the seven people who have been most affected in this battle between good and evil, hugging, we all know that it is all over. We are safe. And our adventure has come to an end.


In the next few weeks, I will tell this story over and over again. But it will never be the same as the way I tell it now. With guards, policeman, reporters, Sam, Luis, Sam’s men, and my family all listening, Aidan, Anne, Jo, and I tell everyone about everything. As it turns out, the guards knew about the passageway where Sam hid Nora. It was an emergency escape route, and they never thought to check it when Nora was kidnapped. But they didn’t know about the cubby where we hid Anne.
It also turned out that the poison that Sam gave Dad wasn’t even poisonous. It wasn’t deadly, anyway. It was just to make it look like Dad was dead. Sam hadn’t even told Luis this, he was so paranoid about not giving the secret away.
Sam had made sure Aidan heard that he had “left out” an ingredient in the poison. The plan was for Sam to get Dad to drop out of office, and then hold me and Aidan for ransom. The ransom was partially to pay his men, but a big chunk would have come to him. Once Sam had sent the cure to Dad and gotten money for us, he’d be rich and he’d also be the president. However, we thwarted his plan when we took off with the cure. So Sam improvised, taking Mom, Nora, and Anne and planning to hold them until Dad dropped out of office and paid Sam.
But we had thwarted him again. I still can’t believe it.
Anne’s mom and Sam got into a huge fight when we got back to the shore. She said he’d deceived her all along (which was probably true) and Sam said that she didn’t understand (definitely NOT true). Anne is sleeping over at the White House until she and her mom can find a house. Her mom says they’re not leaving the area, and Dad said that he’d see about getting them a loan.
But what I’m happiest about is that everyone finally believes us. I think Jo was right.
Maybe everyone, including us, has learned from their mistakes.


At school on Monday, everyone is loaded with questions. Anne, Jo and I can barely get to homeroom because of all the people trying to get our attention. Ms. Banawig calls
“Settle down!” politely three times before yelling, “Be quiet!” at the top of her lungs. I look across the room and my eyes fall upon Max. I haven’t really thought about him much since the first day of school. I was too wrapped up in the mystery. He looks up, and flashes a gorgeous smile at me. I grin back, and hope I’m not blushing.
At lunch, our table is suddenly a very popular spot. Linda Morgan walks up and asks for my autograph. I smile at her and shake my head. She looks at Anne, but decides that it’s below her to talk to the former vice president’s daughter. Or she just doesn’t want to embarrass herself more. She turns up her nose and prances away like an annoyed cat.
Anne laughs.
Throughout the day, I’ve noticed a change in Anne. She talks and laughs a lot more, and instead of keeping her face blank most of the time, she’s smiling now. And her face actually looks a lot prettier.
Suddenly, I feel a hand on my shoulder. I turn around to find Max standing behind me.
“Congratulations.”
“Um thanks.”
“So it’s true? Sam was really out to get you and your dad?”
“Every bit of it.”
“How did you defeat him?”
“It’s a long story.” I slide over to make room for him on the bench next to me.


Sometimes I still explore the passageways, even though we’re not supposed to. The guards can’t demolish them because of some technical thing about the way they were built. That and because they’re an emergency escape route from the White House.
One night I’m crawling along the passage and I hear my parents’ voices.
“I guess we all have a lot to learn.” My dad says.
“I didn’t realize what it was like for you until we were all here.” my mom answers.
“I still should have been there for you more. And I should have listened to you all.”
“Everyone makes mistakes,” My mom answers, “We just have to learn from them.”
In the passageway, I smile.
________________
Epilogue




The next few weeks are a mixed-up jumble. Some of Sam’s men and Luis have been caught. They refuse to reveal any information.
There are probably more men all over the country, but the police are working on them, and even if they’re not found, I don’t need to worry; they don’t seem to be much harm without Sam. Everyone needs a leader.
Anne, Jo, Aidan, and I sit in a tree one day. I remember how Aidan and I sat in that tree back in Bellingham on the day dad was elected. Today is so different from that day; I have friends who like me for who I am, not for being the president’s daughter. Today is a day of happiness, not of gloom and sadness, because we have caught Sam Morgan. The June air washes over us, and butterflies flit through the branches, and bumblebees buzz around us. And on top of all that, it’s sunny.
“I wonder what questions that other talk show will ask us; it seems like everyone has asked us all the questions in the world.” Grins Jo, and we all laugh. 
“I’ve never needed peace and quiet in my life before this!” Aidan remarks, and everyone laughs again.
I think about how much braver I’ve become in my adventure. As we all jump down from the tree, I am truly glad that Sam tried to mess with us. After all, where would we be without everything we’ve learned in this adventure?
And if Sam hadn’t gotten involved, I probably wouldn’t have had the courage to ask Max to the end of school dance on Monday.




































ALL IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE WHITE HOUSE IS GUESSWORK OF THJE AUTHOR!
HAVE A NICE DAY!